---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_certificate_enrollment Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Certificate Enrollment.
---

# fmc_certificate_enrollment (Data Source)

This data source reads the Certificate Enrollment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_certificate_enrollment" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Certificate Enrollment object.

### Read-Only

- `acme_authentication_interface_id` (String) ID of security zone or interface group that has the interface through which the ACME server communicates with the device to verify ownership of the domain.
- `acme_authentication_interface_name` (String) Name of security zone or interface group that has the interface through which the ACME server communicates with the device to verify ownership of the domain.
- `acme_authentication_protocol` (String) ACME authentication protocol.
- `acme_auto_enrollment` (Boolean) Enable enable automatic enrollment of the ACME certificates based on the configured lifetime.
- `acme_auto_enrollment_key_regeneration` (Boolean) Regenerate a new key for each ACME enrollment.
- `acme_auto_enrollment_lifetime` (Number)
- `acme_ca_only_certificate_id` (String) ID of manually installed CA-only certificate that authenticates the ACME server.
- `acme_enrollment_url` (String) ACME enrollment CA server URL.
- `acme_source_interface_id` (String) ID of security zone or interface group that has the interface through which the device interacts with the ACME server to request and receive the enrolled ACME certificate.
- `acme_source_interface_name` (String) Name of security zone or interface group that has the interface through which the device interacts with the ACME server to request and receive the enrolled ACME certificate.
- `certificate_alternate_fqdn` (String) Alternate FQDN.
- `certificate_common_name` (String) Common Name (CN) for the certificate.
- `certificate_country_code` (String) Country Code (C) for the certificate.
- `certificate_custom_fqdn` (String) Device's custom FQDN to be included in the certificate.
- `certificate_email` (String) Email (E) for the certificate.
- `certificate_include_device_ip` (String) Device IP in the certificate.
- `certificate_include_device_serial_number` (Boolean) Include the device serial in the certificate.
- `certificate_include_fqdn` (String) Include the device's fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in the certificate request
- `certificate_locality` (String) Locality (L) for the certificate.
- `certificate_organization` (String) Organization (O) for the certificate.
- `certificate_organizational_unit` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) for the certificate.
- `certificate_state` (String) State (ST) for the certificate.
- `consider_certificate_valid_if_revocation_information_not_reachable` (Boolean) Consider the certificate valid if revocation information can not be reached.
- `crl_static_urls` (List of String) Static URL list for certificate revocation.
- `crl_use_distribution_point_from_the_certificate` (Boolean) Obtain the revocation lists distribution URL from the certificate.
- `description` (String) Description of the Certificate Enrollment object.
- `enrollment_type` (String) Certificate enrollment type.
- `est_enrollment_url` (String) EST enrollment CA server URL.
- `est_fingerprint` (String) EST enrollment CA server fingerprint.
- `est_ignore_server_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Ignore EST server certificate validations.
- `est_password` (String, Sensitive) EST enrollment CA server password.
- `est_source_interface_id` (String) ID of interface group or security zone that interacts with the CA server.
- `est_source_interface_name` (String) Name of interface group or security zone that interacts with the CA server.
- `est_username` (String) EST enrollment CA server username.
- `ignore_ipsec_key_usage` (Boolean) Do not validate values in the key usage and extended key usage extensions of IPsec remote client certificates.
- `key_name` (String) Name of the key pair used.
- `key_size` (String) Desired key size (modulus), in bits.
- `key_type` (String) Type of key pair.
- `manual_ca_certificate` (String) Base64 encoded certificate in PEM format.
- `manual_ca_only` (Boolean) Create only the CA certificate from the selected CA. An identity certificate will not be created for this certificate. Must be set to `true`.
- `ocsp_url` (String) URL for the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP).
- `pkcs12_certificate` (String) Base64 encoded certificate in PKCS12 format.
- `pkcs12_certificate_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase for the PKCS12 certificate.
- `revocation_evaluation_priority` (String) Priority for certificate revocation evaluation. Needs to be set if both CRL and OCSP are enabled.
- `scep_challenge_password` (String, Sensitive) SCEP enrollment challenge password.
- `scep_enrollment_url` (String) SCEP enrollment CA server URL.
- `scep_fingerprint` (String) SCEP enrollment CA server fingerprint.
- `scep_retry_count` (Number) Number of retries that should be made if no certificate is issued upon the first request.
- `scep_retry_period` (Number) Interval (in minutes) between certificate request attempts.
- `skip_ca_flag_check` (Boolean) Skip checking the basic constraints extension and the CA flag in a trustpoint certificate.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'CertEnrollment'.
- `validation_usage_ipsec_client` (Boolean) Validate an IPsec client certificate for a site-to-site VPN connection.
- `validation_usage_ssl_client` (Boolean) Validate an SSL client certificate during a remote access VPN connection attempt.
- `validation_usage_ssl_server` (Boolean) Validate an SSL server certificate.
