---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_chassis_logical_device Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Chassis Logical Device.
---

# fmc_chassis_logical_device (Data Source)

This data source reads the Chassis Logical Device.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_chassis_logical_device" "example" {
  id         = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  chassis_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chassis_id` (String) Id of the parent chassis.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the logical device. This is also a name of the device that will be deployed on the chassis.

### Read-Only

- `access_control_policy_id` (String) Id of the Access Control Policy (ACP) to be assigned to the device. This is used only as bootstrap configuration.
- `admin_state` (String) Admin state of the device.
- `assigned_interfaces` (Attributes Set) Interface assignment for the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assigned_interfaces))
- `container_id` (String) Id of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_name` (String) Name of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_role` (String) Role of the device in the container (PRIMARY, SECONDARY) for DeviceHAPair or (Control, Data) for DeviceCluster. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_status` (String) Status of the device in DeviceHAPair (Active, Standby, but other possible as well).
- `container_type` (String) Type of the parent container (DeviceHAPair or DeviceCluster). Empty if device is Standalone.
- `device_group_id` (String) Id of the device group.
- `device_id` (String) Id of the device that is deployed as result of this configuration.
- `device_password` (String, Sensitive) Admin password for the device.
- `device_type` (String) Type of the device that is deployed as result of this configuration; this value is always 'Device'.
- `dns_servers` (String) DNS servers for the device. Up to three, comma-separated DNS servers can be specified.
- `firewall_mode` (String) Firewall mode of the device.
- `fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the device.
- `ftd_version` (String) Version of the device, that should be deployed. Image should be pre-deployed to the chassis.
- `ipv4_address` (String) Management IPv4 address of the device.
- `ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway for Management IPv4 address.
- `ipv4_netmask` (String) Netmask of Management IPv4 address.
- `ipv6_address` (String) Management IPv6 address of the device.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) Gateway for Management IPv6 address.
- `ipv6_prefix` (Number) Prefix length of Management IPv6 address.
- `licenses` (Set of String) License capabilities to be assigned to the device. This is used only as bootstrap configuration.
- `permit_expert_mode` (String) Permit expert mode for the device.
- `platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the platform settings.
- `resource_profile_id` (String) Id of the resource profile. Changing resource profile will trigger instance restart on deployment, however changing this value will not trigger automatic deployment.
- `resource_profile_name` (String) Name of the resource profile. Changing resource profile will trigger instance restart on deployment, however changing this value will not trigger automatic deployment.
- `search_domain` (String) Search domain for the device.
- `type` (String) Type of the device; this value is always 'LogicalDevice'.

<a id="nestedatt--assigned_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assigned_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface.
