---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_vrf_ipv6_static_route Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device VRF IPv6 Static Route.
---

# fmc_device_vrf_ipv6_static_route (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device VRF IPv6 Static Route.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_vrf_ipv6_static_route" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  vrf_id    = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device .
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `vrf_id` (String) Id of the parent VRF.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `destination_networks` (Attributes Set) Set of the destination networks matching this route (fmc_network, fmc_host, but not fmc_range). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_networks))
- `gateway_literal` (String) The next hop for this route as a literal IPv6 address. Exactly one of `gateway_object_id` or `gateway_literal` must be present.
- `gateway_object_id` (String) UUID of the next hop for this route (such as fmc_host.example.id). Exactly one of `gateway_object_id` or `gateway_literal` must be present.
- `interface_id` (String) UUID of the same interface which has been given by `interface_logical_name` (e.g. fmc_device_physical_interface.example.id or fmc_device_subinterface.example.id). The value is ignored, but the attribute itself is useful for ensuring that Terraform creates interface resource before the static route resource (and destroys the interface resource only after the static route has been destroyed).
- `interface_logical_name` (String) Logical name of the parent interface (fmc_device_physical_interface.example.logical_name or fmc_device_subinterface.example.logical_name). For transparent mode, any bridge group member interface. For routed mode with bridge groups, any bridge group member interface for the BVI name.
- `is_tunneled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this route is a separate default route for VPN traffic. Should be used for default route only (such as when the destination_networks points to a builtin host 'any-ipv6'). Useful if you want VPN traffic to use a different default route than non-VPN traffic. When a tunnel terminates on the device, all traffic from it that cannot be routed using learned or static routes is sent to this route. You can configure only one default tunneled gateway per device. ECMP for tunneled traffic is not supported. This attribute conflicts with `metric_value` attribute.
- `metric_value` (Number) The cost of the route. The metric is used to compare routes among different routing protocols. The default administrative distance for static routes is 1, giving it precedence over routes discovered by dynamic routing protocols but not directly connected routes.

<a id="nestedatt--destination_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_networks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.example.id, etc.).
