---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_bridge_group_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device Bridge Group Interface.
---

# fmc_device_bridge_group_interface (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device Bridge Group Interface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_bridge_group_interface" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Bridge Group interface, BVI<bridge_group_id>.

### Read-Only

- `arp_table_entries` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--arp_table_entries))
- `bridge_group_id` (Number) Bridge Group Id.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route` (Boolean) Any non-null value here indicates to enable DHCPv4. Value `false` indicates to enable DHCPv4 without obtaining from there the default IPv4 route but anyway requires also ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be set to exactly 1. Value `true` indicates to enable DHCPv4 and obtain the route and also requires ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be non-null. The ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route must be null when using ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) Static IPv4 address. Conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_dad_attempts` (Number) Number of Duplicate Address Detection (DAD) attempts.
- `ipv6_enable_dad` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 DAD Loopback Detect (DAD).
- `ipv6_ns_interval` (Number) Neighbor Solicitation (NS) interval.
- `ipv6_reachable_time` (Number) The amount of time that a remote IPv6 node is considered reachable after a reachability confirmation event has occurred
- `logical_name` (String) Logical name of the Brige Group interface.
- `selected_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of physical interfaces that are part of the bridge group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selected_interfaces))
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'BridgeGroupInterface'.

<a id="nestedatt--arp_table_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arp_table_entries`

Read-Only:

- `enable_alias` (Boolean) Enable Alias for custom ARP entry
- `ip_address` (String) IP address for custom ARP entry
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address for custom ARP entry in format 0123.4567.89ab.


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.


<a id="nestedatt--selected_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selected_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface
- `name` (String) Name of the interface
