---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_vti_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device VTI Interface.
---

# fmc_device_vti_interface (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device VTI Interface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_vti_interface" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the VTI interface, Tunnel<tunnel_id> (for Static) or Virtual-Template<tunnel_id> (for Dynamic).

### Read-Only

- `borrow_ip_interface_id` (String) Id of the interface to borrow IP address from (IP Unnumbered).
- `borrow_ip_interface_name` (String) Name of the interface to borrow IP address from (IP Unnumbered).
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the interface.
- `http_based_application_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable HTTP based Application Monitoring.
- `ip_based_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable IP based Monitoring.
- `ip_based_monitoring_peer_ip` (String) IP address to monitor.
- `ip_based_monitoring_type` (String) Peer IP address version.
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) IPv4 address for local VTI tunnel end.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for IPv4 address for local VTI tunnel end.
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address for local VTI tunnel end.
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) Prefix length for IPv6 address for local VTI tunnel end.
- `logical_name` (String) Logical name of the VTI interface.
- `priority` (Number) Priority to load balance the traffic across multiple VTIs.
- `security_zone_id` (String) Id of the assigned security zone.
- `tunnel_id` (Number) Tunnel ID (for Static) or Template ID (for Dynamic).
- `tunnel_mode` (String) VTI interface IPSec mode
- `tunnel_source_interface_id` (String) Id of the interface that is used as the tunnel source.
- `tunnel_source_interface_ipv6_address` (String) Specify the source IPv6 address for the tunnel. Ensure this address is already configured on the tunnel_source_interface.
- `tunnel_source_interface_name` (String) Name of the interface that is used as the tunnel source.
- `tunnel_type` (String) Type of the VTI interface.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'VTIInterface'.
