---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_ospf_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device OSPF Interface.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.6
---

# fmc_device_ospf_interface (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device OSPF Interface.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.6`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_ospf_interface" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `vrf_id` (String) Id of the parent VRF.

### Read-Only

- `authentication_area_md5s` (Attributes List) List of MD5 authentication keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_area_md5s))
- `authentication_area_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication.
- `authentication_key_chain_id` (String) Key chain object ID for authentication.
- `authentication_md5s` (Attributes List) List of MD5 authentication keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_md5s))
- `authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication.
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) on the interface.
- `dead_interval` (Number) Time period in seconds for which hello packets must not be seen before neighbors indicate that the router is down.
- `default_cost` (Number) Cost of sending a packet through the interface.
- `hello_interval` (Number) Interval, in seconds, between hello packets sent on an interface.
- `hello_multiplier` (Number) Number of Hello packets to be sent per second.
- `interface_id` (String) ID of the interface associated with this OSPF interface.
- `mtu_missmatch_ignore` (Boolean) Ignore MTU mismatch on the interface.
- `point_to_point` (Boolean) Configure the interface as point-to-point non-broadcast.
- `priority` (Number) Designated router for a network.
- `retransmit_interval` (Number) Time in seconds between LSA retransmissions for adjacencies that belong to the interface.
- `transmit_delay` (Number) Estimated time in seconds to send an LSA packet on the interface.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this is always 'OspfInterface'

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_area_md5s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_area_md5s`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Key ID for the MD5 authentication key.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 authentication key.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication_md5s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_md5s`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Key ID for the MD5 authentication key.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 authentication key.
