---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_subinterface Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Device Subinterface.
---

# fmc_device_subinterface (Data Source)

This data source can read the Device Subinterface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_subinterface" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) UUID of the parent device (fmc_device.example.id).
- `id` (String) The id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `description` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable the subinterface.
- `index` (Number) The numerical id of this subinterface, unique on the parent interface.
- `interface_id` (String) UUID of the parent interface (fmc_device_physical_interface.example.id).
- `interface_name` (String) Name of the parent interface. As the fmc_device_physical_interface.example.name does not propagate dependency adequately on Terraform, the `interface_id` attribute must be always set when creating this managed resource.
- `ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route` (Boolean) Any non-null value here indicates to enable DHCPv4. Value `false` indicates to enable DHCPv4 without obtaining from there the default IPv4 route but anyway requires also ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be set to exactly 1. Value `true` indicates to enable DHCPv4 and obtain the route and also requires ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be non-null. The ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route must be null when using ipv4_static_netmask.
- `ipv4_dhcp_route_metric` (Number) The metric for ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route. Any non-null value enables DHCP as a side effect. Must be null when using ipv4_static_netmask.
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) Static IPv4 address. Conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6.
- `ipv6_enable_auto_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 autoconfiguration.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for address config.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_nonaddress` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for non-address config.
- `ipv6_enable_ra` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 router advertisement (RA).
- `ipv6_enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `logical_name` (String) Customizable logical name of the subinterface, unique on the device. Should not contain whitespace or slash characters. Can only be set when vlan_id is set. Must be non-empty in order to set `security_zone_id` or `mtu`.
- `management_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether this subinterface limits traffic to management traffic; when true, through-the-box traffic is disallowed. Value true conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN, or with security_zone_id.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum transmission unit. Can only be used when logical_name is set on the parent interface.
- `priority` (Number) Priority 0-65535. Can only be set for routed subinterfaces.
- `security_zone_id` (String) UUID of the assigned security zone (fmc_security_zone.example.id). Can only be used when logical_name is set.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN identifier, unique per the parent interface. Must be non-empty in order to set `logical_name`, `security_zone_id`, `mtu`.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `prefix` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.
