---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_physical_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device Physical Interface.
---

# fmc_device_physical_interface (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device Physical Interface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_physical_interface" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the interface; it must already be present on the device.

### Read-Only

- `active_mac_address` (String) MAC address for active interface in format 0123.4567.89ab.
- `allow_full_fragment_reassembly` (Boolean) Allow Full Fragment Reassembly
- `arp_table_entries` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--arp_table_entries))
- `auto_negotiation` (Boolean) Enables auto negotiation of duplex and speed.
- `description` (String) Optional user-created description.
- `duplex` (String) Duplex configuraion.
- `enable_anti_spoofing` (Boolean) Enable Anti Spoofing
- `enable_sgt_propagate` (Boolean) Indicates whether to propagate SGT.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable the interface.
- `fec_mode` (String) Path Monitoring - Monitoring Type, can be one of AUTO, CL108RS, CL74FC, CL91RS, DISABLE.
- `flow_control_send` (String) Flow Control Send configuraion, can be one of ON, OFF.
- `ip_based_monitoring` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IP based Monitoring.
- `ip_based_monitoring_next_hop` (String) IP address to monitor.
- `ip_based_monitoring_type` (String) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE route metric, [ AUTO, PEER_IPV4, PEER_IPV6, AUTO4, AUTO6 ]
- `ipv4_address_pool_id` (String) Id of the assigned IPv4 address pool.
- `ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route` (Boolean) Any non-null value here indicates to enable DHCPv4. Value `false` indicates to enable DHCPv4 without obtaining from there the default IPv4 route but anyway requires also ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be set to exactly 1. Value `true` indicates to enable DHCPv4 and obtain the route and also requires ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be non-null. The ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route must be null when using ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv4_dhcp_route_metric` (Number) The metric for ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route. Any non-null value enables DHCP as a side effect. Must be null when using ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv4_pppoe_authentication` (String) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE Authentication, can be one of PAP, CHAP, MSCHAP.
- `ipv4_pppoe_password` (String) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE Password.
- `ipv4_pppoe_route_metric` (Number) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE route metric, can be value between 1 - 255.
- `ipv4_pppoe_route_settings` (Boolean) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE Enable Route Settings.
- `ipv4_pppoe_store_credentials_in_flash` (Boolean) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE store username and password in Flash.
- `ipv4_pppoe_user` (String) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE User.
- `ipv4_pppoe_vpdn_group_name` (String) PPPoE Configuration - PPPoE Group Name.
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) Static IPv4 address. Conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv6_address_pool_id` (String) Id of the assigned IPv6 address pool.
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_dad_attempts` (Number) Number of Duplicate Address Detection (DAD) attempts.
- `ipv6_default_route_by_dhcp` (Boolean) Indicates whether to obtain default route from DHCPv6.
- `ipv6_dhcp` (Boolean) Enable DHCPv6 client.
- `ipv6_dhcp_client_pd_hint_prefixes` (String) Hint Prefixes for Prefix Delegation (PD)
- `ipv6_dhcp_client_pd_prefix_name` (String) Prefix Name for Prefix Delegation (PD)
- `ipv6_dhcp_pool_id` (String) Id of the assigned DHCPv6 pool
- `ipv6_dhcp_pool_type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'IPv6AddressPool'.
- `ipv6_enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6.
- `ipv6_enable_auto_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 autoconfiguration.
- `ipv6_enable_dad` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 DAD Loopback Detect (DAD).
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_address_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for address config.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_nonaddress_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for non-address config.
- `ipv6_enable_ra` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 router advertisement (RA).
- `ipv6_enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `ipv6_link_local_address` (String) IPv6 Configuration - Link-Local Address.
- `ipv6_ns_interval` (Number) Neighbor Solicitation (NS) interval.
- `ipv6_prefixes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_prefixes))
- `ipv6_ra_interval` (Number) Interval between Router Advertisements (RA) transmissions
- `ipv6_ra_life_time` (Number) Router Advertisement (RA) lifetime.
- `ipv6_reachable_time` (Number) The amount of time that a remote IPv6 node is considered reachable after a reachability confirmation event has occurred
- `lldp_receive` (Boolean) LLDP receive configuraion.
- `lldp_transmit` (Boolean) LLDP transmit configuraion.
- `logical_name` (String) Logical name of the interface, unique on the device. Should not contain whitespace or slash characters.
- `management_access` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable Management Access.
- `management_access_network_objects` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_access_network_objects))
- `management_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether this interface limits traffic to management traffic; when true, through-the-box traffic is disallowed. Value true conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN, or with security_zone_id.
- `mode` (String) Mode of the interface. Use INLINE if, and only if, the interface is part of fmc_inline_set with tap_mode=false or tap_mode unset. Use TAP if, and only if, the interface is part of fmc_inline_set with tap_mode = true. Use ERSPAN only when both erspan_source_ip and erspan_flow_id are set.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum transmission unit. Can only be used when logical_name is set.
- `nve_only` (Boolean) Used for VTEP's source interface to restrict it to NVE only. For routed mode (NONE mode) the `nve_only` restricts interface to VxLAN traffic and common management traffic. For transparent firewall modes, the `nve_only` is automatically enabled.
- `override_default_fragment_setting_chain` (Number) Override Default Fragment Setting - Chain value
- `override_default_fragment_setting_size` (Number) Override Default Fragment Setting - Fragment Size value
- `override_default_fragment_setting_timeout` (Number) Override Default Fragment Setting - Time Out value
- `priority` (Number) Priority 0-65535. Can only be set for routed interfaces.
- `security_zone_id` (String) Id of the assigned security zone. Can only be used when logical_name is set.
- `speed` (String) Speed configuraion, can be one of AUTO, TEN, HUNDRED, THOUSAND, TEN_THOUSAND, TWENTY_FIVE_THOUSAND, FORTY_THOUSAND, HUNDRED_THOUSAND, TWO_HUNDRED_THOUSAND, DETECT_SFP
- `standby_mac_address` (String) MAC address for standby interface in format 0123.4567.89ab.
- `type` (String) Type of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--arp_table_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arp_table_entries`

Read-Only:

- `enable_alias` (Boolean) Enable Alias for custom ARP entry
- `ip_address` (String) IP address for custom ARP entry
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address for custom ARP entry in format 0123.4567.89ab.


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `prefix` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_prefixes`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `default` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.
- `enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).


<a id="nestedatt--management_access_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_access_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the network object (host, network or range).
- `type` (String) Type of the object
