---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_ha_pair Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device HA Pair.
---

# fmc_device_ha_pair (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device HA Pair.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_ha_pair" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the High Availability (HA) Pair.

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) FTD HA PUT operation action. Specifically used for manual switch. HA Break will be triggered when you run terraform destroy
- `encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Use encryption for communication.
- `encryption_key` (String) Pass shared key for encryption if CUSTOM key geneeration scheme is selected.
- `encryption_key_generation_scheme` (String) Select the encyption key generation scheme.
- `failed_interfaces_limit` (Number) Number of Failed Interfaces that triggers failover.
- `failed_interfaces_percent` (Number) Percentage of Failed Interfaces that triggers failover.
- `ha_link_interface_id` (String) Id of High Availability Link interface on the primary FTD device.
- `ha_link_interface_name` (String) Name of High Availability Link interface.
- `ha_link_interface_type` (String) Type of High Availability Link interface.
- `ha_link_logical_name` (String) Logical name of High Availability Link interface.
- `ha_link_netmask` (String) Subnet mask for High Availability link.
- `ha_link_primary_ip` (String) IP of primary node on High Availability interface.
- `ha_link_secondary_ip` (String) IP of secondary node on High Availabilityinterface.
- `ha_link_use_ipv6` (Boolean) Use IPv6 addressing for High Availability communication.
- `interface_hold_time` (Number) Interface Hold Time in seconds
- `interface_poll_time` (Number) Peer Pool Time (1-15 SEC or 500-999 MSEC)
- `interface_poll_time_unit` (String) Peer Pool Time Unit
- `peer_hold_time` (Number) Peer Hold Time (3-45 SEC or 800-999 MSEC)
- `peer_hold_time_unit` (String) Peer Hold Time Unit
- `peer_poll_time` (Number) Peer Pool Time (1-15 SEC or 200-999 MSEC)
- `peer_poll_time_unit` (String) Peer Pool Time Unit
- `primary_device_id` (String) Id of primary FTD in the HA Pair.
- `secondary_device_id` (String) Id of secondary FTD in the HA Pair.
- `state_link_interface_id` (String) ID of state link physical interface taken on the primary FTD device.
- `state_link_interface_name` (String) Name of state link interface.
- `state_link_interface_type` (String) Type of state link interface.
- `state_link_logical_name` (String) Logical name of state link interface.
- `state_link_netmask` (String) Subnet mask for state link.
- `state_link_primary_ip` (String) IP of primary node on state link interface.
- `state_link_secondary_ip` (String) IP of secondary node on state link interface.
- `state_link_use_ipv6` (Boolean) Use IPv6 addressing for state link communication.
- `state_link_use_same_as_ha` (Boolean) Use the same link for state and High Availability.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; This is always `DeviceHAPair`.
