---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_vtep_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Device VTEP Policy.
---

# fmc_device_vtep_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the Device VTEP Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_vtep_policy" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  device_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `nve_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable NVE on the `device_id`. Can only be false if `vteps` are empty.
- `vteps` (Attributes List) List that can either be empty or contain one VTEP object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vteps))

<a id="nestedatt--vteps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vteps`

Read-Only:

- `encapsulation_port` (Number) Encapsulation port number. For VXLAN suggested 4789 (default), for GENEVE suggested 6081.
- `encapsulation_type` (String) Encapsulation type.
- `neighbor_address_id` (String) Used for neighbor_discovery STATIC_PEER_GROUP, where it holds UUID of the network group and such network group can contain only IPv4 Hosts and IPv4 Ranges (but not Networks, etc.).
- `neighbor_address_literal` (String) Used for neighbor_discovery STATIC_PEER_IP, where it holds any unicast IP address. Used for neighbor_discovery DEFAULT_MULTICAST_GROUP, where it holds IP address in range 224.0.0.0 to 239.255.255.255.
- `neighbor_discovery` (String) How to discover addresses of the neighbor VTEPs for the VTEP-to-VTEP communication. For STATIC_PEER_IP and DEFAULT_MULTICAST_GROUP you must set `neighbor_address_literal` to a single IP address. For STATIC_PEER_GROUP you must however set `neighbor_address_id` to a UUID of a network group and such network group can contain only IPv4 Hosts and IPv4 Ranges (but not Networks, etc.).
- `nve_number` (Number) VTEP NVE number, currently must always be 1.
- `source_interface_id` (String) Id of the source interface. It cannot refer to a subinterface.
