---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_extended_acl Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Extended ACL.
---

# fmc_extended_acl (Data Source)

This data source reads the Extended ACL.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_extended_acl" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Extended ACL.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the Extended ACL.
- `entries` (Attributes List) Ordered list of ACL's entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Rule action.
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--destination_network_objects))
- `destination_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destination port of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--destination_port_literals))
- `destination_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing destination ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--destination_port_objects))
- `log_interval_seconds` (Number) Logging interval in seconds. Must be left at 300 if `logging` is DEFAULT or DISABLED.
- `log_level` (String) Logging level. Recommended to be left at INFORMATIONAL if `logging` is DEFAULT or DISABLED.
- `logging` (String) Logging mode.
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (fmc_network, fmc_host, ...). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--source_network_objects))
- `source_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destination port of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--source_port_literals))
- `source_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing source ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--source_port_objects))
- `source_sgt_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of SGT that represent tag of source traffic (fmc_sgts). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--source_sgt_objects))

<a id="nestedatt--entries--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.destination_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of the object.
- `value` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 host or network.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.destination_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--destination_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.destination_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP code.
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP type.
- `port` (String) Port number.
- `protocol` (String) IANA port number.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--destination_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.destination_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.source_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of the object.
- `value` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 host or network.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.source_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.example.id, etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--entries--source_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.source_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP code
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP type.
- `port` (String) Port number.
- `protocol` (String) IANA port number.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--source_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.source_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--source_sgt_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.source_sgt_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_sgts.example.id, etc.).
