---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Settings.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Settings.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `all_syslog_messages_enabled` (Boolean) Enable all syslog messages.
- `all_syslog_messages_logging_level` (String) Logging level for all syslog messages. This is required when `all_syslog_messages` is set to `true`.
- `device_id_interface_id` (String) Use the IP address of the selected interface (Security Zone or Interface Group that maps to a single interface). This is required when `device_id_source` is set to `INTERFACE`.
- `device_id_source` (String) Include device identifier in syslog messages.
- `device_id_user_defined` (String) User defined device identifier. This is required when `device_id_source` is set to `USERDEFINEDID`.
- `facility` (String) System log facility for syslog servers to use as a basis to file messages.
- `timestamp_format` (String) Include timestamp to generated syslog messages in the specified format.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SyslogSetting'.
