---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings SNMP.
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings SNMP.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `enable_snmp_servers` (Boolean) Enable SNMP servers.
- `listen_port` (Number) UDP port on which incoming requests will be accepted.
- `location` (String) Location of the device.
- `read_community_string` (String, Sensitive) Password used by a SNMP management station when sending requests to the threat defense device.
- `snmp_management_hosts` (Attributes List) List of SNMP management hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts))
- `snmpv3_users` (Attributes List) List of SNMPv3 users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmpv3_users))
- `system_administrator_name` (String) Name of the device administrator or other contact person.
- `trap_authentication` (Boolean) Unauthorized SNMP access. This authentication failure occurs for packets with an incorrect community string.
- `trap_cluster` (Boolean) Change in the cluster state.
- `trap_cold_start` (Boolean) The device is reinitializing itself such that its configuration or the protocol entity implementation may be altered.
- `trap_configuration_change` (Boolean) There has been a hardware change.
- `trap_connection_limit_reached` (Boolean) Connection attempt was rejected because the configured connections limit has been reached.
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold` (Boolean) CPU utilization exceeds a predefined threshold for a configured period of time.
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold_interval` (Number) Time interval (in minutes) to evaluate the CPU rising threshold.
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold_value` (Number) Percent of CPU utilization that triggers a trap.
- `trap_failover` (Boolean) Change in the failover state.
- `trap_field_replacement_unit_delete` (Boolean) Field Replaceable Unit (FRU) has been removed.
- `trap_field_replacement_unit_insert` (Boolean) Field Replaceable Unit (FRU) has been inserted.
- `trap_link_down` (Boolean) One of the device’s communication links has failed.
- `trap_link_up` (Boolean) One of the device’s communication links has become available.
- `trap_memory_rising_threshold` (Boolean) Memory utilization exceeds a predefined threshold
- `trap_memory_rising_threshold_value` (Number) Percent of memory utilization that triggers a trap.
- `trap_nat_packet_discard` (Boolean) IP packets are discarded by the NAT.
- `trap_peer_flap` (Boolean) BGP route flapping detected.
- `trap_syslog` (Boolean) Enable transmission of trap-related syslog messages.
- `trap_warm_start` (Boolean) The device is reinitializing itself such that its configuration and the protocol entity implementation is unaltered.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDSNMPPlatformSettings'.

<a id="nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_management_hosts`

Read-Only:

- `interface_literals` (Set of String) List of interfaces to reach SNMP management host.
- `interface_objects` (Attributes Set) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) to reach SNMP management host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts--interface_objects))
- `management_host_ip_object_id` (String) Id of the network object that defines the SNMP management station's host address. This can be an IPv6 host, IPv4 host, IPv4 range or IPv4 subnet.
- `poll` (Boolean) The management station periodically requests information from the device.
- `read_community_string` (String, Sensitive) (SNMPv1, 2c only) Read community string.
- `snmp_version` (String) SNMP version to be used.
- `trap` (Boolean) The device sends trap events to the management station as they occur.
- `trap_port` (Number) SNMP trap UDP port.
- `use_device_management_interface` (Boolean) Use the device management interface to reach SNMP management station.
- `username` (String) (SNMPv3 only) Select SNMPv3 username.

<a id="nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_management_hosts.interface_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface object.
- `name` (String) Name of the interface object.
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object; either 'SecurityZone' or 'InterfaceGroup'.



<a id="nestedatt--snmpv3_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmpv3_users`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_algorithm_type` (String) Type of authentication algorithm.
- `authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) SNMPv3 authentication password. If you selected Encrypted as the `encryption_password_type`, the password must be formatted as xx:xx:xx..., where xx are hexadecimal values.
- `encryption_password` (String, Sensitive) SNMPv3 encryption password.
- `encryption_password_type` (String) Whether the `authentication_password` is in clear text or encrypted.
- `encryption_type` (String) Type of encryption algorithm.
- `security_level` (String) Select desired security level.
- `username` (String) SNMPv3 username.
