---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_icmp_access Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings ICMP Access.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_icmp_access (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings ICMP Access.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_icmp_access" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `burst_size` (Number) Burst size on ICMPv4 Unreachable messages.
- `configurations` (Attributes List) ICMP access rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configurations))
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate limit on ICMPv4 Unreachable messages.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'ICMPSetting'.

<a id="nestedatt--configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configurations`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action to take on matching ICMP packets.
- `icmp_service_id` (String) ID of the ICMP Service object.
- `interface_literals` (Set of String) List of interface literals for this rule.
- `interface_objects` (Attributes Set) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) for this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configurations--interface_objects))
- `source_network_object_id` (String) Id of network object (host, network, network group) defining the source IP addresses for ICMP access.

<a id="nestedatt--configurations--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configurations.interface_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface object.
- `name` (String) Name of the interface object.
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object; either 'SecurityZone' or 'InterfaceGroup'.
