---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Manual NAT Rule.
---

# fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Manual NAT Rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule" "example" {
  id                = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_nat_policy_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_nat_policy_id` (String) Id of the FTD NAT Policy.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of Manual NAT rule.
- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule is enabled.
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface).
- `interface_in_original_destination` (Boolean) Use interface address as original destination.
- `interface_in_translated_source` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule.
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping.
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface.
- `original_destination_id` (String) ID of original destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_destination_port_id` (String) ID of original destination port object.
- `original_source_id` (String) ID of original source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_source_port_id` (String) ID of original source port object.
- `route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface.
- `section` (String) Name of section to which the rule belongs.
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group.
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule.
- `translated_destination_id` (String) ID of translated destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_destination_port_id` (String) ID of translated destination port object.
- `translated_source_id` (String) ID of translated source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_source_port_id` (String) ID of translated source port object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDManualNatRule'.
- `unidirectional` (Boolean) Whether the rule is unidirectional.
