---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_http_access Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings HTTP Access.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_http_access (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings HTTP Access.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_http_access" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `configurations` (Attributes List) List of allowed HTTP connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configurations))
- `http_server` (Boolean) Enable HTTP server.
- `http_server_port` (Number) Port on which the HTTP server will listen. Please don't use 80 or 1443.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'HttpAccessSetting'.

<a id="nestedatt--configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configurations`

Read-Only:

- `interface_literals` (Set of String) List of interface literals on which HTTP server is available.
- `interface_objects` (Attributes Set) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) on which HTTP server is available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configurations--interface_objects))
- `source_network_object_id` (String) Id of network object (host, network, network group) defining the source IP addresses from which HTTP access is allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--configurations--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configurations.interface_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface object.
- `name` (String) Name of the interface object.
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object; either 'SecurityZone' or 'InterfaceGroup'.
