---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_nat_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD NAT Policy.
---

# fmc_ftd_nat_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD NAT Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_nat_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `manage_rules` (Boolean) Should this resource manage Manual and Auto NAT Rules. For Data Sources this defaults to `false` (NAT Rules are not read).
- `name` (String) Name of the FTD Network Address Translation (NAT) policy.

### Read-Only

- `auto_nat_rules` (Attributes List) The list of auto NAT rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_nat_rules))
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `manual_nat_rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of manual NAT rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--manual_nat_rules))
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDNatPolicy'.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_nat_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_nat_rules`

Read-Only:

- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group.
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface).
- `id` (String) Id of the Auto NAT rule.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping.
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface.
- `original_network_id` (String) ID of original network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_port` (Number) Original port number.
- `protocol` (String) Service protocol.
- `route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface.
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group.
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule.
- `translated_network_id` (String) ID of translated network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_network_is_destination_interface` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address.
- `translated_port` (Number) Translated port number.


<a id="nestedatt--manual_nat_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manual_nat_rules`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of Manual NAT rule.
- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule is enabled.
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface).
- `id` (String) Id of the manual nat rule.
- `interface_in_original_destination` (Boolean) Use interface address as original destination.
- `interface_in_translated_source` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping.
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface.
- `original_destination_id` (String) ID of original destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_destination_port_id` (String) ID of original destination port object.
- `original_source_id` (String) ID of original source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_source_port_id` (String) ID of original source port object.
- `route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface.
- `section` (String) Name of section to which the rule belongs.
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group.
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule.
- `translated_destination_id` (String) ID of translated destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_destination_port_id` (String) ID of translated destination port object.
- `translated_source_id` (String) ID of translated source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_source_port_id` (String) ID of translated source port object.
- `unidirectional` (Boolean) Whether the rule is unidirectional.
