---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_logging_setup Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Logging Setup.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_logging_setup (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Logging Setup.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_logging_setup" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `emblem_format` (Boolean) Enables EMBLEM format logging.
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Turns on the data plane system logging.
- `enable_logging_on_failover_standby_unit` (Boolean) Turns on logging for the failover standby unit, if available.
- `flash` (Boolean) Save buffer contents to the flash memory before it is overwritten.
- `flash_maximum_space` (Number) Maximum space to be used in the flash memory for logging (in kilobytes).
- `flash_minimum_free_space` (Number) Minimum free space to be preserved in flash memory (in kilobytes).
- `fmc_logging_level` (String) FMC logging level. Required if `fmc_logging_type` is not `OFF``.
- `fmc_logging_type` (String) FMC logging mode.
- `ftp_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object representing the FTP server.
- `ftp_server_interface_groups` (Attributes List) Interface Groups through which the FTP server is reachable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ftp_server_interface_groups))
- `ftp_server_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to log in to the FTP server.
- `ftp_server_path` (String) Path on the FTP server to which the logs are uploaded.
- `ftp_server_username` (String) User name to log in to the FTP server.
- `internal_buffer_memory_size` (Number) Size of the internal buffer to which syslog messages are saved if the logging buffer is enabled.
- `send_debug_messages_as_syslog` (Boolean) Redirects all the debug trace output to the syslog.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SyslogSetting'.

<a id="nestedatt--ftp_server_interface_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ftp_server_interface_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Interface Group.
