---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_servers Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Servers.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_servers (Data Source)

This data source reads the FTD Platform Settings Syslog Servers.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_servers" "example" {
  id                       = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.
- `id` (String) Id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `allow_user_traffic_when_tcp_syslog_server_is_down` (Boolean) Allow user traffic when TCP syslog server is down.
- `message_queue_size` (Number) Size of the queue for storing syslog messages on the security appliance when syslog server is busy. Specify 0 to allow an unlimited number of messages to be queued (subject to available block memory).
- `servers` (Attributes List) List of syslog servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'Server'.

<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `emblem_format` (Boolean) (UDP only) Log messages in EMBLEM format.
- `interface_literals` (Set of String) List of interface literals to reach syslog server.
- `interface_objects` (Attributes Set) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) to reach syslog server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers--interface_objects))
- `ip_object_id` (String) Id of host object representing the IP address of the syslog server.
- `port` (Number) Port number used to send syslog messages to the server.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used to send syslog messages to the server.
- `secure_syslog` (Boolean) (TCP only) Use TLS to secure syslog messages sent to the server.
- `use_management_interface` (Boolean) Use management interface to reach syslog server (true) or use data interfaces (false).

<a id="nestedatt--servers--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers.interface_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface object.
- `name` (String) Name of the interface object.
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object; either 'SecurityZone' or 'InterfaceGroup'.
