---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_group_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Group Policy.
---

# fmc_group_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the Group Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_group_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Group Policy object.

### Read-Only

- `access_hours_time_range_id` (String) ID of Time Range object that specifies the range of time this group policy is available to be applied to a remote access user.
- `banner` (String) Banner text to be displayed to users.
- `client_bypass_protocol` (Boolean) Drop network traffic for which the headend did not assign an IP address. Applicable only if the headend assigned only IPv4 or only IPv6 address.
- `client_dpd` (Boolean) Enable VPN client Dead Peer Detection (DPD).
- `client_dpd_interval` (Number) VPN client Dead Peer Detection (DPD) messages interval in seconds.
- `client_firewall_private_network_rules_acl_id` (String) Id of extended ACL to configure firewall settings for the VPN client's platform.
- `client_firewall_public_network_rules_acl_id` (String) Id of extended ACL to configure firewall settings for the VPN client's platform.
- `default_domain` (String) Name of the default domain.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `dhcp_network_scope_network_object_id` (String) Id of the Network Object used to determine the DHCP scope.
- `dns_request_split_tunnel_policy` (String)
- `dtls_compression` (String) DTLS compression method for the connection.
- `gateway_dpd` (Boolean) Enable VPN secure gateway Dead Peer Detection (DPD).
- `gateway_dpd_interval` (Number) VPN secure gateway Dead Peer Detection (DPD) messages interval in seconds.
- `ignore_df_bit` (Boolean) Whether to ignore the Don't Fragment bit in packets.
- `ipv4_address_pools` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Address Pools for address assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_address_pools))
- `ipv4_split_tunnel_policy` (String) IPv4 split tunnel policy.
- `ipv6_split_tunnel_policy` (String) IPv6 split tunnel policy.
- `keep_alive_messages` (Boolean) Enable Keepalive Messages between Secure Client and VPN gateway.
- `keep_alive_messages_interval` (Number) Keepalive message interval in seconds.
- `maximum_connection_time` (Number) Maximum user connection time in minutes.
- `maximum_connection_time_alert_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval of time before maximum connection time is reached to display a message to the user.
- `mtu_size` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) size for SSL connections.
- `primary_dns_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents primary DNS server.
- `primary_wins_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents primary WINS server.
- `restrict_vpn_to_vlan` (Number) Specifies the egress VLAN ID for sessions to which this Group Policy applies.
- `secondary_dns_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents secondary DNS server.
- `secondary_wins_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents secondary WINS server.
- `secure_client_custom_attributes` (Attributes List) Secure Client Custom Attributes that are used by the Secure Client to configure features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_custom_attributes))
- `secure_client_management_profile_id` (String) ID of the Secure Client Management Profile.
- `secure_client_modules` (Attributes List) List of Secure Client Modules to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_modules))
- `secure_client_profile_id` (String) ID of the Secure Client Profile.
- `simultaneous_logins_per_user` (Number) Maximum number of simultaneous logins allowed for a user
- `split_dns_domain_list` (String) Up to 10, comma separated domains for split DNS requests.
- `split_tunnel_acl_id` (String) Id of standard or extended ACL used for split tunnel configuration.
- `split_tunnel_acl_type` (String) Type of standard or extended ACL used for split tunnel configuration.
- `ssl_compression` (String) SSL compression method for the connection.
- `ssl_rekey` (Boolean) Enables the client to rekey the connection.
- `ssl_rekey_interval` (Number) Interval for SSL rekeying in minutes.
- `ssl_rekey_method` (String) Method to use for SSL rekeying.
- `traffic_filter_acl_id` (String) Id of Extended ACL that determine whether to allow or block tunneled data packets coming through the VPN connection.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'GroupPolicy'.
- `vpn_idle_timeout` (Number) VPN idle timeout in minutes.
- `vpn_idle_timeout_alert_interval` (Number) Interval of time before idle time is reached to display a message to the user.
- `vpn_protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 protocol for VPN connections.
- `vpn_protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL protocol for VPN connections.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_address_pools`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Pool Id.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_custom_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Custom Attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_modules`

Read-Only:

- `download_module` (Boolean) Enable module download.
- `profile_id` (String) ID of the module profile.
- `type` (String)
