---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_health_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Health Policy.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_health_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the Health Policy.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_health_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Health Policy.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the Health Policy.
- `health_module_run_time_interval` (Number) Specify the interval (in minutes) for running the health modules.
- `health_modules` (Attributes List) Configuration of health modules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_modules))
- `is_default_policy` (Boolean) Specify if this is the default policy.
- `metric_collection_interval` (Number) Specify the frequency (in minutes) for collection of time series data.
- `policy_type` (String) Define, if the policy is for the device or for the management center.
- `type` (String) Object type; This is always `HealthPolicy`

<a id="nestedatt--health_modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_modules`

Read-Only:

- `alert_configs` (Attributes List) Alert configuration for health module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_modules--alert_configs))
- `alert_severity` (String) Severity of health module alert.
- `critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold value for health module.
- `custom_thresholds` (Attributes List) Custom threshold configuration for health module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_modules--custom_thresholds))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable health module.
- `name` (String) Name of the health module.
- `type` (String) Type of health module.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold value for health module.

<a id="nestedatt--health_modules--alert_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_modules.alert_configs`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable alert configuration.
- `name` (String) Name of the alert configuration.
- `thresholds` (Attributes List) Thresholds for alert configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_modules--alert_configs--thresholds))

<a id="nestedatt--health_modules--alert_configs--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_modules.alert_configs.thresholds`

Read-Only:

- `threshold` (Number) Threshold level.
- `type` (String) Type of threshold.



<a id="nestedatt--health_modules--custom_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_modules.custom_thresholds`

Read-Only:

- `threshold` (Number) Threshold level.
- `type` (String) Type of custom threshold.
