---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_identity_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Identity Policy.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.2
---

# fmc_identity_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the Identity Policy.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.2`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_identity_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Identity Policy.

### Read-Only

- `active_authentication_maximum_login_attempts` (Number) Maximum login attempts. Use 0 for unlimited attempts.
- `active_authentication_page` (String) Active authentication page type.
- `active_authentication_page_html` (String) Custom HTML content for the active authentication login page. Only used when `active_authentication_page` is set to 'CUSTOM'.
- `active_authentication_redirect_fqdn_id` (String) Id of the FQDN object used for active authentication redirection (Redirect to Host Name). Supported only in Snort 3.0 or later.
- `active_authentication_redirect_fqdn_type` (String) Type of the FQDN object used for active authentication redirection.
- `active_authentication_redirect_port` (Number) Port used for active authentication redirection. Valid values are 885 or 1025-65535.
- `active_authentication_server_certificate_id` (String) Id of the Internal Certificate object used as an active authentication server certificate.
- `active_authentication_server_certificate_type` (String) Type of the Internal Certificate object used as an active authentication server certificate.
- `active_authentication_session_sharing` (Boolean) Share active authentication sessions across firewalls. Supported only in 7.4.1 and later.
- `categories` (Attributes List) Ordered list of Categories created between default categories - Standard Rules and Root Rules. Do not include default categories in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--categories))
- `description` (String) Description of the Identity Policy.
- `identity_mapping_filter_network_object_id` (String) Id of the Host, Network or Network Group used as an Identity Mapping Filter.
- `identity_mapping_filter_network_object_type` (String) Type of the Host, Network or Network Group used as an Identity Mapping Filter.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Ordered list of Rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'IdentityPolicy'.

<a id="nestedatt--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categories`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Category.
- `name` (String) Name of the Category.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `active_authentication_fallback` (Boolean) Use active authentication if passive or VPN identity cannot be established.
- `authentication_protocol` (String) Protocol used for active authentication.
- `authentication_realm_id` (String) Id of the Authentication Realm (AD/LDAP).
- `authentication_realm_type` (String) Type of the Authentication Realm.
- `authentication_type` (String) Authentication type action for the rule.
- `category` (String) Name of the Category the rule belongs to. Can be one of the default categories (Administrator, Standard or Root Rules) or user-defined one.
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Destination Network literals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Objects that represent destinations of traffic (Host, Network, Range, FQDN, Network Group, Country, Continent or Geolocation). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects))
- `destination_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Destination Port literals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals))
- `destination_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Destination Port objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects))
- `destination_zones` (Attributes Set) Destination Security Zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_zones))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable rule.
- `excluded_user_agents` (Attributes List) List of excluded User Agents (Applications). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--excluded_user_agents))
- `guest_access_fallback` (Boolean) Identify as Special Identities/Guest if user cannot be authenticated.
- `id` (String) Id of the Identity Rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the Identity Rule.
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Source Network literals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Objects that represent sources of traffic (Host, Network, Range, FQDN, Network Group, Country, Continent or Geolocation). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects))
- `source_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Source Port literals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals))
- `source_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Source Port objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects))
- `source_zones` (Attributes Set) Source Security Zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_zones))
- `vlan_tag_literals` (Attributes Set) VLAN Tag literals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals))
- `vlan_tag_objects` (Attributes Set) VLAN Tag objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of the Network Object.
- `value` (String) IP address or network in CIDR format.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Network Object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Network Object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Port number.
- `protocol` (String) IANA protocol number.
- `type` (String) Type of the port literal.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Port object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Port object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_zones`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Security Zone object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Security Zone object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--excluded_user_agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.excluded_user_agents`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Application object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of the Network Object.
- `value` (String) IP address or network in CIDR format.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Network Object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Network Object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Port number.
- `protocol` (String) IANA protocol number.
- `type` (String) Type of the port literal.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Port object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Port object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_zones`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Security Zone object.
- `type` (String) Type of the Security Zone object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_literals`

Read-Only:

- `end_tag` (String) End of the VLAN tag range.
- `start_tag` (String) Start of the VLAN tag range.
- `type` (String) Type of the VLAN tag literal.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the VLAN Tag object.
- `type` (String) Type of the VLAN Tag object.
