---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_network_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Network Groups.
---

# fmc_network_groups (Data Source)

This data source reads the Network Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_network_groups" "example" {
  items = {
    "my_network_groups" = {
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Network Groups. The key of the map is the name of the individual Network Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `id` (String) Id of the Network Group.
- `literals` (Attributes Set) Set of literal values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--literals))
- `network_groups` (Set of String) Set of names (not Ids) of child Network Groups. The names must be defined in the same instance of `fmc_network_groups` resource. This is an auxiliary way to add a child Network Group: the suggested way is to instead add it inside `objects` by its Ids.
- `objects` (Attributes Set) Set of network objects (Hosts, Networks, Ranges, FQDNs or Network Group). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--objects))
- `overridable` (Boolean) Whether the object values can be overridden.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'NetworkGroup'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) IP address or network in CIDR format. Please do not use /32 mask for host.


<a id="nestedatt--items--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the network object.
- `name` (String) Name of the network object.
