---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_prefilter_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Prefilter Policy.
---

# fmc_prefilter_policy (Data Source)

This data source reads the Prefilter Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_prefilter_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Prefilter policy.

### Read-Only

- `default_action` (String) Specifies the default action to take when none of the rules meet the conditions.
- `default_action_id` (String) Default action Id.
- `default_action_log_connection_begin` (Boolean) Log events at the beginning of the connection for default action.
- `default_action_log_connection_end` (Boolean) Log events at the end of the connection for default action.
- `default_action_send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer for default action.
- `default_action_snmp_alert_id` (String) Id of the SNMP alert. Can be set only when either `default_action_log_connection_begin` or `default_action_log_connection_end` is true.
- `default_action_syslog_alert_id` (String) Id of syslog alert. Can be set only when either `default_action_log_connection_begin` or `default_action_log_connection_end` is true.
- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always `PrefilterPolicy`.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) What to do when the conditions defined by the rule are met.
- `bidirectional` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is bidirectional. Used for TUNNEL rules.
- `destination_interfaces` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destination interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_interfaces))
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic (Networks, Hosts, Ranges or Network Groups). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects))
- `destination_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent protocol/port (literally specified). Can be only set for PREFILTER rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals))
- `destination_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing destination ports associated with the rule (Port or Port Groups). Can be only set for PREFILTER rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the rule.
- `encapsulation_ports` (Set of String) List of encapsulation ports to be used. Mandatory for TUNNEL rules.
- `id` (String) Id of the prefilter rule.
- `log_begin` (Boolean) Log events at the beginning of the connection.
- `log_end` (Boolean) Log events at the end of the connection.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule.
- `rule_type` (String) Type of the rule. At least one Encapsulation Port Object (`encapsulation_ports`) is mandatory to be specified for TUNNEL Rules.
- `send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer.
- `send_syslog` (Boolean) Send alerts associated with the prefilter rule to default syslog configuration in Prefilter Logging.
- `snmp_alert_id` (String) Id of the SNMP alert associated with the prefilter rule. Can be set only when either `log_connection_begin` or `log_connection_end` is true.
- `source_interfaces` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent source interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_interfaces))
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (Networks, Hosts, Ranges or Network Groups). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects))
- `source_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent protocol/port (literally specified). Can be only set for PREFILTER rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals))
- `source_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing source ports associated with the rule (Port or Port Groups). Can be only set for PREFILTER rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects))
- `syslog_alert_id` (String) Id of the syslog alert. Can be set only when `syslog_enabled` is true and either `log_connection_begin` or `log_connection_end` is true. If not set, the default policy syslog configuration in Access Control Logging applies.
- `syslog_severity` (String) Override the Severity of syslog alerts.
- `time_range_id` (String) Id of Time Range object applied to the rule.
- `tunnel_zone_id` (String) Id of Tunnel Zone. Can be only set for TUNNEL rules with ANALYZE action.
- `vlan_tag_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent vlan tags (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals))
- `vlan_tag_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing vlan tags or vlan tag groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String)
- `protocol` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) Network literal value.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_literals`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Port number.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol number.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_literals`

Read-Only:

- `end_tag` (String)
- `start_tag` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
