---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_radius_server_group Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Radius Server Group.
---

# fmc_radius_server_group (Data Source)

This data source reads the Radius Server Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_radius_server_group" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the RADIUS Server Group object.

### Read-Only

- `ad_realm_id` (String) Id of Active Directory (AD) realm this RADIUS server group is associated with.
- `authorize_only` (Boolean) This RADIUS server group is used for authorization or accounting only.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `dynamic_authorization` (Boolean) Enables the RADIUS dynamic authorization or Change of Authorization (CoA) services for this RADIUS server group.
- `dynamic_authorization_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS dynamic authorization services.
- `group_accounting_mode` (String) Indicates whether accounting messages are sent to a single server (SINGLE) or sent to all servers in the group simultaneously (MULTIPLE).
- `interim_account_update_interval` (Number) Interval (in hours) for interim accounting updates.
- `merge_downloadable_access_list_order` (String) Placement order of the downloadable Access List with the Cisco AV pair Access List.
- `radius_servers` (Attributes List) List of RADIUS servers in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radius_servers))
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval (in seconds) for the request.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RadiusServerGroup'.

<a id="nestedatt--radius_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radius_servers`

Read-Only:

- `accounting_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS accounting services.
- `authentication_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS authentication services.
- `hostname` (String) IP Address or hostname of the RADIUS server.
- `interface_id` (String) Id of Security Zone or Interface Group for the RADIUS server communication.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) Shared secret that is used for data encryption.
- `message_authenticator` (Boolean) Enables RADIUS Server-Enabled Message Authenticator.
- `redirect_access_list_id` (String) Id of the redirect Extended Access List.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout (in seconds) for the RADIUS server.
- `use_routing_to_select_interface` (Boolean) Use routing to select the interface for the RADIUS server (true) or use specified interface (false).
