---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_realm_ad_ldap Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Integrations"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Realm AD LDAP.
---

# fmc_realm_ad_ldap (Data Source)

This data source reads the Realm AD LDAP.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_realm_ad_ldap" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Realm object.

### Read-Only

- `ad_join_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for ad_join_username user.
- `ad_join_username` (String) Username of any Active Directory user with rights to create a Domain Computer account in the Active Directory domain for Kerberos captive portal active authentication.
- `ad_primary_domain` (String) Domain for the Active Directory server where users should be authenticated.
- `base_dn` (String) The directory tree on the server where the management center should begin searching for user data.
- `description` (String) Description of the Realm object.
- `directory_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the directory user.
- `directory_server_configurations` (Attributes List) List of directory servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--directory_server_configurations))
- `directory_username` (String) Username used to connect to the directory.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the Realm object, so it can be referenced in other objects.
- `excluded_groups` (List of String) Add groups to Excluded Groups.
- `excluded_users` (List of String) Add users to Excluded Users.
- `group_attribute` (String) Attribute used to identify the group in the LDAP directory. Use 'uniqueMember', 'member' or any custom attribute name.
- `group_dn` (String) The directory tree on the server where the management center should begin searching for group data.
- `included_groups` (List of String) Add groups to Included Groups.
- `included_users` (List of String) Add users to Included Users.
- `realm_type` (String) Type of the Realm.
- `timeout_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Captive Portal users.
- `timeout_failed_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Failed Captive Portal users.
- `timeout_guest_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Guest Captive Portal Users.
- `timeout_ise_and_passive_indentity_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for ISE/ISE-PIC or Passive Identity Agent users.
- `timeout_terminal_server_agent_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Terminal Server Agent users.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'Realm'.
- `update_hour` (Number) Hour where the sync (download) from the directory starts.
- `update_interval` (String) Interval in hours for the sync (download) from the directory.
- `version` (String) Internal parameter of API.

<a id="nestedatt--directory_server_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `directory_server_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `encryption_certificate` (String) ID of the encryption certificate for LDAPS/STARTTLS.
- `encryption_protocol` (String) Encryption method.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname or IP address.
- `interface_group_id` (String) ID of the interface group to use for LDAP communication, when `use_routing_to_select_interface` is set to `false`.
- `port` (Number) Port number.
- `use_routing_to_select_interface` (Boolean) Use routing to select the interface for directory communication.
