---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_route_map Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Route Map.
---

# fmc_route_map (Data Source)

This data source reads the Route Map.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_route_map" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Route Map object.

### Read-Only

- `entries` (Attributes List) List of Route Map entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))
- `overridable` (Boolean) Whether the object values can be overridden.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RouteMap'.

<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicate the redistribution access.
- `match_bgp_as_paths` (Attributes List) Match a BGP Autonomous System (AS) path with the specified path access list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_as_paths))
- `match_bgp_community_lists` (Attributes List) Match a BGP Community with Standard/Expanded Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_community_lists))
- `match_bgp_extended_community_lists` (Attributes List) Match a BGP Community with Extended Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_extended_community_lists))
- `match_bgp_policy_lists` (Attributes List) Evaluate and process a BGP Policy Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_policy_lists))
- `match_interface_names` (List of String) Match traffic based on the ingress/egress interface names.
- `match_ipv4_address_access_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the route address using Standard or Extended IPv4 Access Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_address_access_lists))
- `match_ipv4_address_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the route address using Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_address_prefix_lists))
- `match_ipv4_next_hop_access_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the next hop address of a route using Standard or Extended IPv4 Access Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_next_hop_access_lists))
- `match_ipv4_next_hop_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the next hop address of a route using Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_next_hop_prefix_lists))
- `match_ipv4_route_source_access_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the advertising source address of the route using Standard or Extended IPv4 Access List. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_route_source_access_lists))
- `match_ipv4_route_source_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Match routes based on the advertising source address of the route using Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_route_source_prefix_lists))
- `match_ipv6_address_extended_access_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the route address using IPv6 Extended Access Lists.
- `match_ipv6_address_prefix_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the route address using IPv6 Prefix Lists.
- `match_ipv6_next_hop_extended_access_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the next hop address of a route using IPv6 Extended Access Lists.
- `match_ipv6_next_hop_prefix_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the next hop address of a route using IPv6 Prefix Lists.
- `match_ipv6_route_source_extended_access_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the advertising source address of the route using IPv6 Extended Access Lists.
- `match_ipv6_route_source_prefix_list_id` (String) Match routes based on the advertising source address of the route using IPv6 Prefix Lists.
- `match_route_metrics` (List of Number) List of Metric values to match.
- `match_route_type_external_1` (Boolean) Match external type 1 routes.
- `match_route_type_external_2` (Boolean) Match external type 2 routes.
- `match_route_type_internal` (Boolean) Match internal routes.
- `match_route_type_local` (Boolean) Match local routes.
- `match_route_type_nssa_external_1` (Boolean) Match NSSA external type 1 routes.
- `match_route_type_nssa_external_2` (Boolean) Match NSSA external type 2 routes.
- `match_security_zones` (Attributes List) Match traffic based on the ingress/egress Security Zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--match_security_zones))
- `match_tags` (List of Number) List of Tag values to match.
- `set_bgp_as_path_convert_route_tag_into_as_path` (Boolean) Convert the tag of a route into an Autonomous System (AS) path.
- `set_bgp_as_path_prepend` (List of Number) Prepend an arbitrary Autonomous System (AS) path to BGP routes.
- `set_bgp_as_path_prepend_last_as` (Number) Number of times to prepend the AS path with the last AS number.
- `set_bgp_automatic_tag` (Boolean) Automatically compute the tag value.
- `set_bgp_community_add_to_existing_communities` (Boolean) Add the community to the already existing communities.
- `set_bgp_community_add_to_existing_extended_communities` (Boolean) Add the community to the already existing extended communities.
- `set_bgp_community_internet` (Boolean) Set Internet well-known community.
- `set_bgp_community_no_advertise` (Boolean) Set No-Advertise well-known community.
- `set_bgp_community_no_export` (Boolean) Set No-Export well-known community.
- `set_bgp_community_none` (Boolean) Set the specific community to none.
- `set_bgp_community_route_target` (String) Set Route Target number in ASN:nn format (range 1:1 to 65534:65535). Separate multiple values with a comma.
- `set_bgp_community_specific_community` (Number) Set the specific community.
- `set_bgp_ipv4_next_hop` (String) Set the next hop IPv4 address.
- `set_bgp_ipv4_next_hop_specific_ips` (List of String) Set the next hop IPv4 address.
- `set_bgp_ipv4_prefix_list_id` (String) Set the prefix list for IPv4.
- `set_bgp_ipv6_next_hop` (String) Set the next hop IPv6 address.
- `set_bgp_ipv6_next_hop_specific_ips` (List of String) Set the next hop IPv6 address.
- `set_bgp_ipv6_prefix_list_id` (String) Set the prefix list for IPv6.
- `set_bgp_local_preference` (Number) Set the local preference value.
- `set_bgp_origin` (String) Specify the BGP origin code.
- `set_bgp_weight` (Number) Set the weight value.
- `set_metric_bandwidth` (Number) Set the metric bandwidth value in Kbits per second.
- `set_metric_type` (String) Specify the type of metric for the destination routing protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_as_paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_bgp_as_paths`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_bgp_community_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_extended_community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_bgp_extended_community_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_bgp_policy_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_bgp_policy_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_address_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_address_access_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Access List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Access List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_address_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_address_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Prefix List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Prefix List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_next_hop_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_next_hop_access_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Access List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Access List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_next_hop_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_next_hop_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Prefix List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Prefix List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_route_source_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_route_source_access_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Access List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Access List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_ipv4_route_source_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_ipv4_route_source_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Prefix List.
- `type` (String) Type of the Prefix List.


<a id="nestedatt--entries--match_security_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.match_security_zones`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the object.
