---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Secure Client Custom Attribute.
---

# fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute (Data Source)

This data source reads the Secure Client Custom Attribute.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Secure Client Custom Attribute object.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the attribute.
- `defer_update_default_action` (String) Default action to be taken when the user does not respond, or when you want to configure an automatic action without the user's intervention.
- `defer_update_minimum_secure_client_version` (String) Minimum Secure Client version to be present on the client system to allow or defer the update in x.x.x format.
- `defer_update_prompt_dismiss_timeout` (Number) Timeout (in seconds) for the prompt dismissal.
- `defer_update_prompt_type` (String) Prompt type.
- `description` (String) Description of the Secure Client Custom Attribute object.
- `dynamic_split_tunnel_excluded_domains` (List of String) Domain names that will be excluded from the remote access VPN tunnel. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is DYNAMIC_SPLIT_TUNNELING.
- `dynamic_split_tunnel_included_domains` (List of String) Domain names that will be included in the remote access VPN tunnel. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is DYNAMIC_SPLIT_TUNNELING.
- `per_app_vpn_value` (String) Base64 encoded value for Per App VPN. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is PER_APP_VPN.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'AnyConnectCustomAttribute'.
- `user_defined_attribute_name` (String) Name of the user-defined attribute. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR.
- `user_defined_attribute_value` (String) Value of the user-defined attribute. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR.
