---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_single_sign_on_server Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the Single Sign On Server.
---

# fmc_single_sign_on_server (Data Source)

This data source reads the Single Sign On Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_single_sign_on_server" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the Single Sign-On Server object.

### Read-Only

- `base_url` (String) URL that will redirect the user back to FTD once the identity provider authentication is done.
- `identity_provider_accessible_only_on_internal_network` (Boolean) SAML IdP resides on the internal network.
- `identity_provider_certificate_id` (String) Certificate Id of the IdP enrolled into the FTD to verify the messages signed by the IdP.
- `identity_provider_certificate_name` (String) Certificate Name of the IdP enrolled into the FTD to verify the messages signed by the IdP.
- `identity_provider_entity_id` (String) URL that is defined in SAML IdP to identify a service provider uniquely.
- `logout_url` (String) URL for signing out of the SAML identity provider server.
- `request_identity_provider_reauthentication_at_each_login` (Boolean) Authenticate user at each login even if the previous IdP session is valid.
- `request_signature_type` (String) Encryption algorithm to sign the SAML single sign-on requests.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Specify the SAML assertion validity duration (in seconds) for the users to complete the single sign-on request.
- `service_provider_certificate_id` (String) Certificate Id, which will be used to sign the requests and build circle of trust with IdP.
- `sso_url` (String) URL for signing into the SAML identity provider server.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SSOServer'.
