---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_sla_monitors Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the SLA Monitors.
---

# fmc_sla_monitors (Data Source)

This data source reads the SLA Monitors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_sla_monitors" "example" {
  items = {
    "my_sla_monitors" = {
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of SLA Monitors. The key of the map is the name of the individual SLA monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `data_size` (Number) Size (in bytes) of the ICMP request packet payload.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `frequency` (Number) Frequency (in seconds) of ICMP echo request transmissions.
- `id` (String) Id of the managed SLA Monitor.
- `monitor_address` (String) IP address to monitor.
- `number_of_packets` (Number) Number of packets that are sent.
- `selected_interfaces` (Attributes List) Security zones or interface groups that contain interfaces through which the device communicates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--selected_interfaces))
- `sla_monitor_id` (Number) ID number of the SLA operation.
- `threshold` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that must pass after an ICMP echo request before a rising threshold is declared.
- `timeout` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that the SLA operation waits for a response to the ICMP echo requests.
- `tos` (Number) Type of Service (ToS) defined in the IP header of the ICMP request packet.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SLAMonitor'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--selected_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.selected_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the security zone or interface group object.
