---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_sla_monitor Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source reads the SLA Monitor.
---

# fmc_sla_monitor (Data Source)

This data source reads the SLA Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_sla_monitor" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the SLA monitor object.

### Read-Only

- `data_size` (Number) Size (in bytes) of the ICMP request packet payload.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `frequency` (Number) Frequency (in seconds) of ICMP echo request transmissions.
- `monitor_address` (String) IP address to monitor.
- `number_of_packets` (Number) Number of packets that are sent.
- `selected_interfaces` (Attributes List) Security Zones or Interface Groups that contain interfaces through which the device communicates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selected_interfaces))
- `sla_monitor_id` (Number) ID number of the SLA operation.
- `threshold` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that must pass after an ICMP echo request before a rising threshold is declared.
- `timeout` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that the SLA operation waits for a response to the ICMP echo requests.
- `tos` (Number) Type of Service (ToS) defined in the IP header of the ICMP request packet.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SLAMonitor'.

<a id="nestedatt--selected_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selected_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Security Zone or Interface Group object.
