---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_time_ranges Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Time Ranges.
---

# fmc_time_ranges (Data Source)

This data source can read the Time Ranges.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_time_ranges" "example" {
  items = {
    "time_range_1" = {
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Time Ranges. The key of the map is the name of the individual Time Range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Object description
- `end_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object stops being effective. If not specified 'never ends' is assumed.
- `id` (String) UUID of the managed Time Range.
- `recurrence_list` (Attributes List) List of recurring intervals during which the time range is effective. These intervals are valid only between start_time and end_time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--recurrence_list))
- `start_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object starts being effective. If not specified 'starts now' is assumed.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this is always 'TimeRange'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--recurrence_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.recurrence_list`

Read-Only:

- `daily_days` (Set of String) List of days on which the time range is effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `daily_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `daily_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `range_end_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `range_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `range_start_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `range_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `recurrence_type` (String) Type of the recurrence interval.
