---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_ra Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This data source reads the VPN RA.
---

# fmc_vpn_ra (Data Source)

This data source reads the VPN RA.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_vpn_ra" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `name` (String) Name of the VPN Remote Access (RA) Topology.

### Read-Only

- `access_interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_interfaces))
- `address_assignment_policy_id` (String)
- `allow_users_to_select_connection_profile` (Boolean) Allow users to select a connection profile.
- `bypass_access_control_policy_for_decrypted_traffic` (Boolean) Bypass Access Control policy for decrypted traffic (sysopt permit-vpn)
- `certificate_map_id` (String)
- `dap_policy_id` (String) Identifier for the DAP (Dynamic Access Policy) used for the VPN.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `dtls_port` (Number) Port number for the web access of the VPN.
- `external_browser_package_id` (String) Identifier for the external browser package used for the VPN.
- `group_policies` (Attributes List) List of group policies associated with the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_policies))
- `http_only_vpn_cookie` (Boolean) Use HTTP-only cookies for the VPN.
- `ikev2_policies` (Attributes List) List of IKEv2 policies associated with the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ikev2_policies))
- `ipsec_advanced_settings_id` (String) Identifier for the IPsec/IKEv2 advanced settings used for the VPN.
- `ipsec_global_identity_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the IPsec certificate used for enrollment.
- `ldap_attribute_map_id` (String) Identifier for the LDAP attribute mapping used for the VPN.
- `load_balance_id` (String) Identifier for the load balancing settings used for the VPN.
- `local_realm_server` (String) Local realm server for the VPN.
- `protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 protocol for the VPN.
- `protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL protocol for the VPN.
- `secure_client_customization_id` (String)
- `secure_client_images` (Attributes List) List of Secure Client images to be used for the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_images))
- `service_access_id` (String) Identifier for the service access object.
- `ssl_global_identity_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the SSL certificate used for enrollment.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RAVpn'.
- `web_port` (Number) Port number for the web access of the VPN.

<a id="nestedatt--access_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of interface group or security zone.
- `interface_specific_certificate` (Boolean) Configure Interface ID Certificate for the VPN.
- `interface_specific_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the ID certificate used for the VPN.
- `protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 for the VPN.
- `protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL for the VPN.
- `protocol_ssl_dtls` (Boolean) Enable DTLS for the VPN.


<a id="nestedatt--group_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_policies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the group policy.


<a id="nestedatt--ikev2_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ikev2_policies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the IKEv2 policy.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_images`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Secure Client image.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system of the Secure Client image.
