---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This data source reads the VPN S2S Endpoints.
---

# fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints (Data Source)

This data source reads the VPN S2S Endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints" "example" {
  vpn_s2s_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  items = {
    "my_ftd_01" = {
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpn_s2s_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN S2S Topology.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Endpoints. The key of the map is the name of the Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `allow_incoming_ikev2_routes` (Boolean) Allow incoming IKEv2 routes.
- `backup_interface_id` (String) Id of the backup VTI interface.
- `backup_interface_public_ip_address` (String) Public address of the backup VIT interface, in case the one configured on the interface is private. (NAT Address)
- `backup_local_identity_string` (String) String of the local identity for the backup tunnel (applicable only for types KEYID and EMAILID)
- `backup_local_identity_type` (String) Type of the local identity for the backup tunnel.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type.
- `device_id` (String) Id of the device managed by local FMC.
- `extranet_device` (Boolean) Is the device managed by local FMC.
- `extranet_dynamic_ip` (Boolean) Is the IP address of the extranet device dynamic.
- `extranet_ip_address` (String) IP address of extranet device (optionally coma separated Backup IP Addresses).
- `id` (String) Id of the Endpoint object.
- `interface_id` (String) Id of the primary VTI interface.
- `interface_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the interface. If not set, IPv4 address will be used.
- `interface_public_ip_address` (String) Public address of the interface, in case the one configured on the interface is private.
- `local_identity_string` (String) String of the local identity (applicable only for types KEYID and EMAILID)
- `local_identity_type` (String) Type of the local identity.
- `nat_exemption` (Boolean) Enable NAT exemption.
- `nat_exemption_inside_interface_id` (String) Id of the inside Security Zone for NAT Exemption identification.
- `nat_traversal` (Boolean) Enable NAT traversal.
- `override_remote_vpn_filter_acl_id` (String) Id of the ACL to override VPN filter on the Hub.
- `peer_type` (String) Role of the device in the topology.
- `protected_networks` (Attributes Set) Set of protected networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--protected_networks))
- `protected_networks_acl_id` (String) Id of the ACL that defines protected networks.
- `reverse_route_injection` (Boolean) Enable Reverse Route Injection (RRI).
- `send_vti_ip_to_peer` (Boolean) Send Virtual Tunnel Interface IP to the peers
- `vpn_filter_acl_id` (String) Id of the VPN filter ACL.

<a id="nestedatt--items--protected_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.protected_networks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the protected network.
