---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This data source reads the VPN RA Connection Profiles.
---

# fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles (Data Source)

This data source reads the VPN RA Connection Profiles.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles" "example" {
  vpn_ra_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  items = {
    "my_connection_profile" = {
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpn_ra_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN RA Configuration.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Connection Profiles. The key of the map is the name of the Connection Profile. Use `DefaultWEBVPNGroup` to manage the default connection profile. On destruction, the default connection profile will not be deleted and its configuration will not be erased. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `accounting_server_id` (String) Id of the RADIUS accounting server.
- `accounting_server_type` (String) Type of the RADIUS accounting server (`RadiusServerGroup`).
- `alias_names` (Attributes List) List of Alias Names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alias_names))
- `alias_urls` (Attributes List) List of Alias URLs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alias_urls))
- `allow_connection_only_if_user_exists_in_authorization_database` (Boolean) Allow connection only if the username of client exists in the authorization database.
- `authentication_method` (String) User authentication method.
- `authorization_server_id` (String) Id of the authorization RADIUS Server Group or Realm.
- `authorization_server_type` (String) Type of the authorization RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `dhcp_servers` (Attributes List) List of DHCP Servers for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--dhcp_servers))
- `group_policy_id` (String) Id of the Group Policy.
- `id` (String) Id of the Connection Profile.
- `ipv4_address_pools` (Attributes List) IPv4 Address Pools for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv4_address_pools))
- `ipv6_address_pools` (Attributes List) IPv6 Address Pools for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv6_address_pools))
- `multiple_certificate_authentication` (Boolean) Authenticate the VPN client using the machine and user certificates.
- `password_management` (Boolean) Enable managing the password for the remote access VPN users.
- `password_management_advance_password_expiration_notification` (Number) Notify user on the number of days before password expiration.
- `password_management_notify_user_on_password_expiry_day` (Boolean) Notify user on the day the password expires.
- `primary_authentication_fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Fallback to LOCAL FMC if primary authentication Server/Realm is not reachable.
- `primary_authentication_hide_username_in_login_window` (Boolean) Username is pre-filled from the client certificate, but hidden to the user.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate` (Boolean) Prefill username from certificate.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_entire_dn` (Boolean) Map entire Distinguished Name (DN) as username.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_primary_field` (String) Map primary field for username.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_secondary_field` (String) Map secondary field for username.
- `primary_authentication_server_id` (String) Id of the primary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm. Use if `primary_authentication_server_use_local` is not set to `true`.
- `primary_authentication_server_type` (String) Type of the primary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `primary_authentication_server_use_local` (Boolean) Use LOCAL FMC as primary authentication server.
- `saml_and_certificate_username_must_match` (Boolean) Allow VPN connection only if the username from the certificate matches the SAML single sign-on username.
- `saml_use_external_browser` (Boolean) Use default OS browser (`true`) or embedded browser (`false`) for SAML authentication.
- `secondary_authentication` (Boolean) Enable secondary authentication.
- `secondary_authentication_fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Fallback to LOCAL FMC if secondary authentication Server/Realm is not reachable.
- `secondary_authentication_prompt_for_username` (Boolean) Prompt for username during secondary authentication.
- `secondary_authentication_server_id` (String) Id of the secondary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm. Use if `secondary_authentication_server_use_local` is not set to `true`.
- `secondary_authentication_server_type` (String) Type of the secondary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `secondary_authentication_server_use_local` (Boolean) Use LOCAL FMC as secondary authentication server.
- `secondary_authentication_use_primary_authentication_username` (Boolean) Use primary username for secondary authentication.
- `strip_group_from_username` (Boolean) Remove the group name from the username before passing the username on to the AAA server.
- `strip_realm_from_username` (Boolean) Remove the realm from the username before passing the username on to the AAA server.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RaVpnConnectionProfile'.
- `use_secondary_authentication_username_for_reporting` (Boolean) Secondary username is used for reporting user activity during a VPN session.

<a id="nestedatt--items--alias_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alias_names`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the Alias.
- `name` (String) Name of the Alias.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alias_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alias_urls`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the group URL.
- `url_object_id` (String) Id of the URL object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--dhcp_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.dhcp_servers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of Host representing the DHCP Server.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv4_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv4_address_pools`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the IPv4 Address Pool.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv6_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv6_address_pools`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the IPv6 Address Pool.
