---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_ra_ipsec_ike_parameters Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This data source reads the VPN RA IPSec IKE Parameters.
---

# fmc_vpn_ra_ipsec_ike_parameters (Data Source)

This data source reads the VPN RA IPSec IKE Parameters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_vpn_ra_ipsec_ike_parameters" "example" {
  id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  vpn_ra_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `vpn_ra_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN RA Configuration.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `ikev2_cookie_challenge` (String) Whether to send cookie challenges to peer devices in response to SA initiated packets.
- `ikev2_do_not_reboot_until_all_sessions_are_terminated` (Boolean) Wait for all active sessions to voluntarily terminate before the system reboots.
- `ikev2_identity_sent_to_peer` (String) Identity sent to the peer during IKEv2 session establishment.
- `ikev2_maximum_number_of_sas_allowed` (Number) Maximum number of Security Associations (SAs) allowed.
- `ikev2_notification_on_tunnel_disconnect` (Boolean) Enable notification on tunnel disconnect.
- `ikev2_number_of_sas_allowed_in_negotiation` (Number) Limits the maximum number of SAs that can be in negotiation at any time.
- `ikev2_threshold_to_challenge_incoming_cookies` (Number) Percentage of the total allowed SAs that are in-negotiation.
- `ipsec_path_maximum_transmission_unit_aging` (Boolean) Enable path maximum transmission unit aging.
- `ipsec_path_maximum_transmission_unit_aging_reset_interval` (Number) Enter the number of minutes at which the Path Maximum Transmission Unit (PMTU) value of an SA is reset to its original value.
- `nat_keepalive_message_traversal` (Boolean) Enable NAT keepalive message traversal.
- `nat_keepalive_message_traversal_interval` (Number) NAT keepalive message traversal interval in seconds.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RaVpnIPsecAdvancedSetting'.
