---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_s2s_ipsec_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This data source reads the VPN S2S IPSEC Settings.
---

# fmc_vpn_s2s_ipsec_settings (Data Source)

This data source reads the VPN S2S IPSEC Settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_vpn_s2s_ipsec_settings" "example" {
  id         = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  vpn_s2s_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `vpn_s2s_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN S2S Topology.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `crypto_map_type` (String) The type of the crypto map.
- `do_not_fragment_policy` (String) The policy for handling Do Not Fragment (DNF) packets.
- `enable_perfect_forward_secrecy` (Boolean) Indicates whether IPSEC Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS) is enabled.
- `enable_reverse_route_injection` (Boolean) Indicates whether Route Redundancy Interface (RRI) is enabled.
- `enable_sa_strength_enforcement` (Boolean) Indicates whether Security Association (SA) strength enforcement is enabled.
- `enable_tfc_packets` (Boolean) Indicates whether Traffic Flow Confidentiality (TFC) packets are enabled.
- `ikev1_ipsec_proposals` (Attributes Set) Set of IKEv1 IPSEC proposals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ikev1_ipsec_proposals))
- `ikev2_ipsec_proposals` (Attributes Set) Set of IKEv2 IPSEC proposals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ikev2_ipsec_proposals))
- `ikev2_mode` (String) The IKEv2 mode for the IPSEC settings.
- `lifetime_duration` (Number) The lifetime duration for the IPSEC settings in seconds.
- `lifetime_size` (Number) The lifetime size for the IPSEC settings in kilobytes.
- `perfect_forward_secrecy_modulus_group` (String) The modulus group for IPSEC Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS).
- `tfc_burst_bytes` (Number) The burst size in bytes for TFC packets. Set 0 for `auto`
- `tfc_payload_bytes` (Number) The payload size in bytes for TFC packets. Set 0 for `auto`, or set to 64-1024.
- `tfc_timeout` (Number) The timeout duration in seconds for TFC packets. Set 0 for `auto`, or set to 10-60.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'IPSecSetting'.
- `validate_incoming_icmp_error_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether to validate incoming ICMP error messages.

<a id="nestedatt--ikev1_ipsec_proposals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ikev1_ipsec_proposals`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the IKEv1 IPSEC proposal
- `name` (String) Name of the IKEv1 IPSEC proposal


<a id="nestedatt--ikev2_ipsec_proposals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ikev2_ipsec_proposals`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the IKEv2 IPSEC proposal
- `name` (String) Name of the IKEv2 IPSEC proposal
