---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc-terraform Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# fmc-terraform Provider

This provider can be used to manage the FMC configuration.

## Features

You can manage the following resources with this provider:

- Network, Host, Range, FQDN objects
- Network object groups
- ICMPv4 objects
- URL objects
- URL object groups
- Port objects
- Port object groups

- Access Policies
- Access Rules
- NAT Policies
- Auto NAT and Manual NAT Rules

- Policy Device Mappings
- Deployment to FTD

Further, the provider provides the below data sources:

- FTD devices
- File and IPS policies
- Security zones
- Syslog alert configurations

## Example

An example provider initialization is shown below:

```hcl
provider "fmc" {
    fmc_username = "terraform_user"
    fmc_password = "SecurePasswordFromTfvars"
    fmc_host = "10.10.10.2"
    fmc_insecure_skip_verify = false
}
```

**Note** You should use the terraform variables to supply the credentials securely or use the environment variables: `FMC_USERNAME`, `FMC_PASSWORD`, `FMC_HOST`, `FMC_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY`.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **fmc_host** (String) Hostname/IP address of the FMC
- **fmc_password** (String, Sensitive) Password for the user to login to FMC
- **fmc_username** (String, Sensitive) Username for the user to login to FMC

### Optional

- **fmc_insecure_skip_verify** (Boolean) Skip certificate checks if the certificate is not public CA signed, or if using IP address

## Tutorials

The Terraform Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyf18hdY22ESR91vJtdvY_4CNAPMR04zP 

Includes: 
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Create User Account (Part1)
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Access Policy Creation (Part 2)
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Access Policy and Rule Creation (Part 3)
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Access Policy Device Assignment (Part 4)
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Access Policy Device Deploy (Part 5)
- FMC: Terraform and FMC URL Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC URL Objects and URL Object Groups
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Network Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Network Objects and Network Object Groups
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Host Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Port Objects 
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Port Objects and Port Groups
- FMC: Terraform and FMC Network Range Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC ICMP Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC FQDN Objects
- FMC: Terraform and FMC NAT Policy
- FMC: Terraform and FMC NAT Policy and Manual NAT Rules 
- FMC: Terraform and FMC NAT Policy and Auto NAT Rules

############# POWER VIDEO #############

FMC: Terraform and FMC Pulling it Together (Part 1 - The Code!) https://youtu.be/TvcuXP3Yn-0 
In this video we will leverage Terraform to build out a dynamic lab that includes deployment of firepower policies and a web server using Ubuntu. We will create multiple objects to support access control policy and nat policy. Then we will create the access control policy, nat policy, assign to a device then push policy. We will delay by 10min the start time of the web server build in esxi to ensure all policies are in place which allows the web server to have controlled access to repos, youtube for the custom page. We will leverage cloud-config to add a user "Kali" to the box and their public key which allows SSH access. We will also update the box using apt-get, pull apache2, start the service and customize index.html.....part 1 covers the code used to automate the entire process. NO HANDS ON REQUIRED! 

FMC: Terraform and FMC Pulling it Together (Part 2 - The Push!) https://youtu.be/fE9ZAzKNMVU 
Pushing out configuration and validation! NO HANDS ON REQUIRED! 


FMC: Terraform and FMC Pulling it Together (Part 3 - The Destroy!) https://youtu.be/EOdwrnb0FfE 
DESTROYING all our hard work! NO HANDS ON REQUIRED!
