
---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: FMC"
description: |-
  The FMC provider provides resources to interact with a Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center (FMC) and Cloud-Delivered FMC (cdFMC) instances.

---

# FMC Provider

The FMC provider provides resources to interact with a Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center (FMC) and Cloud-Delivered FMC (cdFMC) instances. It communicates with target via the REST API.

Resources and data sources have been tested with the following releases.

| Platform | Version |
| -------- | ------- |
| FMC      | 7.2     |
| FMC      | 7.4     |
| FMC      | 7.6     |
| FMC      | 7.7     |
| cdFMC    |         |

Please note that resources and data sources support depends on FMC version.

## Authentication

The authentication method varies depending on the target type:
- Self-Hosted FMC: Requires the username and password fields to be configured.
- Cloud-Delivered FMC (cdFMC) / Security Cloud Control (SCC) Firewall Manager: Requires the token to be configured.

The provider automatically determines the target device type based on the attributes provided.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "fmc" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"
  url      = "https://10.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the FMC_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the FMC instance. This can also be set as the FMC_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `req_timeout` (String) Timeout for a single HTTPS request made to REST API before it is retried. This can also be set as the FMC_REQTIMEOUT environment variable. A string like `"1s"` means one second. Defaults to `"5s"`.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for REST API calls. This can also be set as the FMC_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `3`.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) API token for cdFMC instance. This can also be set as the FMC_TOKEN environment variable.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco FMC/cdFMC instance or SCC Firewall Manager Base URI . This can also be set as the FMC_URL environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for the FMC instance. This can also be set as the FMC_USERNAME environment variable.
