---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_access_control_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This resource manages Access Control Policy (ACP) with corresponding Access Rules and Categories.
---

# fmc_access_control_policy (Resource)

This resource manages Access Control Policy (ACP) with corresponding Access Rules and Categories.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_access_control_policy" "example" {
  name                              = "my_access_control_policy"
  description                       = "My Access Control Policy"
  default_action                    = "BLOCK"
  default_action_log_begin          = true
  default_action_log_end            = false
  default_action_send_events_to_fmc = true
  default_action_send_syslog        = true
  default_action_syslog_config_id   = "35e197ca-33a8-11ef-b2d1-d98ae17766e7"
  prefilter_policy_id               = "35e197ca-33a8-11ef-b2d1-d98ae17766e7"
  default_action_syslog_severity    = "DEBUG"
  default_action_snmp_config_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  categories = [
    {
      name = "category_1"
    }
  ]
  rules = [
    {
      action = "ALLOW"
      name   = "rule_1"
      source_network_literals = [
        {
          value = "10.1.1.0/24"
        }
      ]
      destination_network_literals = [
        {
          value = "10.2.2.0/24"
        }
      ]
      vlan_tag_literals = [
        {
          start_tag = "11"
          end_tag   = "22"
        }
      ]
      vlan_tag_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      source_network_objects = [
        {
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "Network"
        }
      ]
      destination_network_objects = [
        {
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "Network"
        }
      ]
      source_dynamic_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      destination_dynamic_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      source_port_literals = [
        {
          type      = "PortLiteral"
          port      = "80"
          protocol  = "6"
          icmp_type = "0"
          icmp_code = "0"
        }
      ]
      source_port_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      destination_port_literals = [
        {
          type      = "PortLiteral"
          port      = "80"
          protocol  = "6"
          icmp_type = "0"
          icmp_code = "0"
        }
      ]
      destination_port_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      source_sgt_objects = [
        {
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "SecurityGroupTag"
        }
      ]
      endpoint_device_types = [
        {
          name = "my_endpoint_device_types"
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "EndPointDeviceType"
        }
      ]
      source_zones = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      destination_zones = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      url_literals = [
        {
          url = "https://www.example.com/app"
        }
      ]
      url_objects = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      url_categories = [
        {
          id         = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          reputation = "QUESTIONABLE_AND_UNKNOWN"
        }
      ]
      log_begin           = true
      log_end             = true
      send_events_to_fmc  = true
      send_syslog         = true
      syslog_config_id    = "35e197ca-33a8-11ef-b2d1-d98ae17766e7"
      syslog_severity     = "DEBUG"
      snmp_config_id      = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      file_policy_id      = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      intrusion_policy_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      time_range_id       = "0050568A-7F57-0ed3-0000-004294975576"
      variable_set_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      applications = [
        {
          id = "7967"
        }
      ]
      application_filter_objects = [
        {
          id = "bb18bf88-eddc-11ef-83d2-b4300fadd560"
        }
      ]
      application_filters = [
        {
          types = [
            {
              id = "WEBAPP"
            }
          ]
          risks = [
            {
              id = "VERY_LOW"
            }
          ]
          business_relevances = [
            {
              id = "LOW"
            }
          ]
          categories = [
            {
              id = "118"
            }
          ]
          tags = [
            {
              id = "24"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_action` (String) Action to be taken, when traffic does not match any Access Rule.
  - Choices: `BLOCK`, `TRUST`, `PERMIT`, `NETWORK_DISCOVERY`, `INHERIT_FROM_PARENT`
- `name` (String) Name of the Access Control Policy.

### Optional

- `categories` (Attributes List) Ordered list of categories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--categories))
- `default_action_intrusion_policy_id` (String) Id of the Intrusion Policy. Cannot be set when default action is BLOCK, TRUST, NETWORK_DISCOVERY.
- `default_action_log_begin` (Boolean) Log events at the beginning of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_log_end` (Boolean) Log events at the end of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_send_syslog` (Boolean) Send events to a syslog server.
- `default_action_snmp_config_id` (String) Id of the SNMP alert. Can be set only when either default_action_log_begin or default_action_log_end is true.
- `default_action_syslog_config_id` (String) Id of the syslog config. Can be set only when default_action_send_syslog is true and either default_action_log_begin or default_action_log_end is true. If not set, the default policy syslog configuration in Access Control Logging applies.
- `default_action_syslog_severity` (String) Override the Severity of syslog alerts.
  - Choices: `ALERT`, `CRIT`, `DEBUG`, `EMERG`, `ERR`, `INFO`, `NOTICE`, `WARNING`
- `description` (String) Description of the Access Control Policy.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `prefilter_policy_id` (String) Id of the Prefilter Policy.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Ordered list of Access Rules. Rules must be sorted in the order of the corresponding categories, if they have `category_name`. Uncategorized non-mandatory rules must be below all other rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `default_action_id` (String) Id of the default action.
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'AccessPolicy'.

<a id="nestedatt--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categories`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Category.

Optional:

- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the category belongs. Categories must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.
  - Choices: `default`, `mandatory`
  - Default value: `default`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Category.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) Rule action.
  - Choices: `ALLOW`, `TRUST`, `BLOCK`, `MONITOR`, `BLOCK_RESET`, `BLOCK_INTERACTIVE`, `BLOCK_RESET_INTERACTIVE`
- `name` (String) Name of the Access Rule. This name needs to be uqique within the policy.

Optional:

- `application_filter_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Filtering objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filter_objects))
- `application_filters` (Attributes List) List of Application Filtering conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters))
- `applications` (Attributes Set) Set of applications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--applications))
- `category_name` (String) Name of the category that owns this rule (`name` from `categories` list).
- `description` (String) Rule description.
- `destination_dynamic_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent dynamic destinations of traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_dynamic_objects))
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent destinations of traffic (Host, Network, Range, FQDN or Network Group). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects))
- `destination_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent protocol/port (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals))
- `destination_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing destination ports associated with the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects))
- `destination_zones` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing destination Security Zones associated with the access rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_zones))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the access rule is in effect (true) or not (false).
  - Default value: `true`
- `endpoint_device_types` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing the source Endpoint Device Types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--endpoint_device_types))
- `file_policy_id` (String) Id of the File Policy for the rule action. Cannot be set when action is BLOCK, BLOCK_RESET, TRUST, MONITOR.
- `intrusion_policy_id` (String) Id of the Intrusion Policy for the rule action. Cannot be set when action is BLOCK, BLOCK_RESET, TRUST, MONITOR.
- `log_begin` (Boolean) Log events at the beginning of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_begin must be false or absent.
  - Default value: `false`
- `log_end` (Boolean) Log events at the end of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_end must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `log_files` (Boolean) Log file events.
  - Default value: `false`
- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the rule belongs. Can only be used when the `category_name` is null. Rules must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. Null value means 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.
  - Choices: `default`, `mandatory`
- `send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, send_events_to_fmc must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `send_syslog` (Boolean) Send alerts to syslog.
  - Default value: `false`
- `snmp_config_id` (String) Id of the SNMP alert associated with the access rule. Can be set only when either log_begin or log_end is true.
- `source_dynamic_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent dynamic sources of traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_dynamic_objects))
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent sources of traffic (Host, Network, Range, FQDN or Network Group). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects))
- `source_port_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent protocol/port (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals))
- `source_port_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing source ports associated with the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects))
- `source_sgt_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing the source Security Group Tags (SGT). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_sgt_objects))
- `source_zones` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing source Security Zones associated with the access rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_zones))
- `syslog_config_id` (String) Id of Syslog Config. Can be set only when send_syslog is true and either log_begin or log_end is true. If not set, the default syslog configuration in Access Control Policy Logging applies.
- `syslog_severity` (String) Override the Severity of syslog alerts.
  - Choices: `ALERT`, `CRIT`, `DEBUG`, `EMERG`, `ERR`, `INFO`, `NOTICE`, `WARNING`
- `time_range_id` (String) Id of Time Range object applied to the rule.
- `url_categories` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing the URL Categories associated with the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--url_categories))
- `url_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing the URLs associated with the rule (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--url_literals))
- `url_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects representing the URLs associated with the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--url_objects))
- `variable_set_id` (String) Id of the Variable Set for the rule action.
- `vlan_tag_literals` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent vlan tags (literally specified). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals))
- `vlan_tag_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects that represent vlan tags or vlan tags group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Access Rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filter_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filter_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Filter.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters`

Optional:

- `business_relevances` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Business Relevance levels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters--business_relevances))
- `categories` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Categories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters--categories))
- `risks` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Risk levels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters--risks))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters--tags))
- `types` (Attributes Set) Set of Application Types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--application_filters--types))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters--business_relevances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters.business_relevances`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Business Relevance level.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters.categories`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Category.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters--risks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters.risks`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Risk level.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters.tags`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Tag.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--application_filters--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.application_filters.types`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application Type.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.applications`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Application.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_dynamic_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_dynamic_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_literals`

Optional:

- `value` (String) IP address or network in CIDR format.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_literals`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) IANA protocol number.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.
  - Choices: `PortLiteral`, `ICMPv4PortLiteral`

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP code.
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP type.
- `port` (String) Port number.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_port_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_zones`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--endpoint_device_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.endpoint_device_types`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `name` (String) Name of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_dynamic_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_dynamic_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_literals`

Optional:

- `value` (String) IP address or network in CIDR format.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_literals`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) IANA protocol number.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.
  - Choices: `PortLiteral`, `ICMPv4PortLiteral`

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP code.
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP type.
- `port` (String) Port number.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_port_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_port_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_sgt_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_sgt_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `type` (String) Type of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_zones`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--url_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.url_categories`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.
- `reputation` (String) Reputation applicable to the URL Category.
  - Choices: `ANY_EXCEPT_UNKNOWN`, `TRUSTED`, `FAVORABLE`, `NEUTRAL`, `QUESTIONABLE`, `UNTRUSTED`, `ANY_AND_UNKNOWN`, `TRUSTED_AND_UNKNOWN`, `FAVORABLE_AND_UNKNOWN`, `NEUTRAL_AND_UNKNOWN`, `QUESTIONABLE_AND_UNKNOWN`, `UNTRUSTED_AND_UNKNOWN`


<a id="nestedatt--rules--url_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.url_literals`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL such as https://www.example.com/app


<a id="nestedatt--rules--url_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.url_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_literals`

Optional:

- `end_tag` (String) End of the VLAN tag range.
- `start_tag` (String) Start of the VLAN tag range.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--vlan_tag_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.vlan_tag_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_access_control_policy.example "<id>"
```
