---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_certificate_enrollment Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This device manages Certificate Enrollment configuration.
  Manual certificate creation is supported only with CA only option set.
  (FMC 7.2) Only PKCS12 based certificate enrollment object is supported.
  (FMC 7.4 and FMC 7.6) Only PKCS12 and MANUAL with CA only based certificate enrollment object is supported.
---

# fmc_certificate_enrollment (Resource)

This device manages Certificate Enrollment configuration.
 Manual certificate creation is supported only with CA only option set.
 (FMC 7.2) Only PKCS12 based certificate enrollment object is supported.
 (FMC 7.4 and FMC 7.6) Only PKCS12 and MANUAL with CA only based certificate enrollment object is supported.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_certificate_enrollment" "example" {
  name                                                               = "my_certificate_enrollment"
  description                                                        = "My certificate enrollment"
  enrollment_type                                                    = "SELF_SIGNED_CERTFICATE"
  validation_usage_ipsec_client                                      = true
  validation_usage_ssl_server                                        = true
  validation_usage_ssl_client                                        = true
  skip_ca_flag_check                                                 = false
  certificate_include_fqdn                                           = "NONE"
  certificate_common_name                                            = "ftd.example.com"
  certificate_organizational_unit                                    = "my_organizational_unit"
  certificate_organization                                           = "my_organization"
  certificate_locality                                               = "my_locality"
  certificate_state                                                  = "my_state"
  certificate_country_code                                           = "PL"
  certificate_email                                                  = "me@example.com"
  certificate_include_device_serial_number                           = true
  key_type                                                           = "RSA"
  key_name                                                           = "my_key"
  key_size                                                           = "CertKey_2048"
  ignore_ipsec_key_usage                                             = false
  crl_use_distribution_point_from_the_certificate                    = true
  crl_static_urls_list                                               = ["http://example.com/crl.pem"]
  ocsp_url                                                           = "http://example.com/ocsp"
  revocation_evaluation_priority                                     = "CRL"
  consider_certificate_valid_if_revocation_information_not_reachable = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enrollment_type` (String) Certificate enrollment type.
  - Choices: `SCEP`, `EST`, `MANUAL`, `SELF_SIGNED_CERTFICATE`, `PKCS12`
- `name` (String) Name of the Certificate Enrollment object.

### Optional

- `certificate_common_name` (String) Common Name (CN) for the certificate.
- `certificate_country_code` (String) Country Code (C) for the certificate.
- `certificate_custom_fqdn` (String) Device's custom FQDN to be included in the certificate.
- `certificate_email` (String) Email (E) for the certificate.
- `certificate_include_device_ip` (String) Device IP in the certificate.
- `certificate_include_device_serial_number` (Boolean) Include the device serial in the certificate.
- `certificate_include_fqdn` (String) Include the device's fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in the certificate request
  - Choices: `DEVICE_HOSTNAME`, `NONE`, `CUSTOM`, `DEFAULT`
- `certificate_locality` (String) Locality (L) for the certificate.
- `certificate_organization` (String) Organization (O) for the certificate.
- `certificate_organizational_unit` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) for the certificate.
- `certificate_state` (String) State (ST) for the certificate.
- `consider_certificate_valid_if_revocation_information_not_reachable` (Boolean) Consider the certificate valid if revocation information can not be reached.
- `crl_static_urls_list` (List of String) Static URL list for certificate revocation.
- `crl_use_distribution_point_from_the_certificate` (Boolean) Obtain the revocation lists distribution URL from the certificate.
- `description` (String) Description of the Certificate Enrollment object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `est_enrollment_url` (String) EST enrollment CA server URL.
- `est_fingerprint` (String) EST enrollment CA server fingerprint.
- `est_ignore_server_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Ignore EST server certificate validations.
- `est_password` (String, Sensitive) EST enrollment CA server password.
- `est_source_interface_id` (String) ID of interface group or security zone that interacts with the CA server.
- `est_source_interface_name` (String) Name of interface group or security zone that interacts with the CA server.
- `est_username` (String) EST enrollment CA server username.
- `ignore_ipsec_key_usage` (Boolean) Do not validate values in the key usage and extended key usage extensions of IPsec remote client certificates.
- `key_name` (String) Name of the key pair used.
- `key_size` (String) Desired key size (modulus), in bits.
  - Choices: `CertKey_512`, `CertKey_768`, `CertKey_1024`, `CertKey_2048`, `CertKey_3072`, `CertKey_4096`, `CertKey_256`, `CertKey_384`, `CertKey_521`
- `key_type` (String) Type of key pair.
  - Choices: `RSA`, `ECDSA`, `EdDSA`
- `manual_ca_certificate` (String) Base64 encoded certificate in PEM format.
- `manual_ca_only` (Boolean) Create only the CA certificate from the selected CA. An identity certificate will not be created for this certificate. Must be set to `true`.
- `ocsp_url` (String) URL for the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP).
- `pkcs12_certificate` (String) Base64 encoded certificate in PKCS12 format.
- `pkcs12_certificate_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase for the PKCS12 certificate.
- `revocation_evaluation_priority` (String) Priority for certificate revocation evaluation. Needs to be set if both CRL and OCSP are enabled.
  - Choices: `CRL`, `OCSP`, `NONE`
- `scep_challenge_password` (String, Sensitive) SCEP enrollment challenge password.
- `scep_enrollment_url` (String) SCEP enrollment CA server URL.
- `scep_fingerprint` (String) SCEP enrollment CA server fingerprint.
- `scep_retry_count` (Number) Number of retries that should be made if no certificate is issued upon the first request.
  - Range: `0`-`100`
- `scep_retry_period` (Number) Interval (in minutes) between certificate request attempts.
  - Range: `1`-`60`
- `skip_ca_flag_check` (Boolean) Skip checking the basic constraints extension and the CA flag in a trustpoint certificate.
- `validation_usage_ipsec_client` (Boolean) Validate an IPsec client certificate for a site-to-site VPN connection.
- `validation_usage_ssl_client` (Boolean) Validate an SSL client certificate during a remote access VPN connection attempt.
- `validation_usage_ssl_server` (Boolean) Validate an SSL server certificate.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'CertEnrollment'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_certificate_enrollment.example "<id>"
```
