---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_chassis_logical_device Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Chassis Logical Device.
  Creating this resource will initiate a chassis-level deployment, triggering the device creation process based on the logical device configuration defined within this resource.
  Newly created device will be auto-registered with FMC.
  Destruction of the resource will de-register deployed device if it is registered to FMC and remove it from chassis.
  Adding or removing interfaces from logical device will trigger deployment to the chassis and logical device sync.
  Changing resource profile will not trigger automatic deployment to apply the settings.
  Currently, policies assignment is not supported at logical device level. Please use policy assignemnt resource.
---

# fmc_chassis_logical_device (Resource)

This resource manages a Chassis Logical Device.
 Creating this resource will initiate a chassis-level deployment, triggering the device creation process based on the logical device configuration defined within this resource.
 Newly created device will be auto-registered with FMC.
 Destruction of the resource will de-register deployed device if it is registered to FMC and remove it from chassis.
 Adding or removing interfaces from logical device will trigger deployment to the chassis and logical device sync.
 Changing resource profile will not trigger automatic deployment to apply the settings.
 Currently, policies assignment is not supported at logical device level. Please use policy assignemnt resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_chassis_logical_device" "example" {
  chassis_id            = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  name                  = "my-logical-device"
  ftd_version           = "7.6.0.113"
  ipv4_address          = "10.10.10.10"
  ipv4_netmask          = "255.255.255.0"
  ipv4_gateway          = "10.10.10.1"
  ipv6_address          = "2001:db8::10"
  ipv6_prefix           = 64
  ipv6_gateway          = "2001:db8::1"
  search_domain         = "cisco.com"
  fqdn                  = "my_logical_device.cisco.com"
  firewall_mode         = "ROUTED"
  dns_servers           = "10.123.10.12,10.123.10.14"
  device_password       = "my_password"
  admin_state           = "ENABLED"
  permit_expert_mode    = "yes"
  resource_profile_id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  resource_profile_name = "my_resource_profile"
  assigned_interfaces = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  device_group_id      = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  access_policy_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  license_capabilities = ["MALWARE"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_policy_id` (String) Id of the Access Control Policy (ACP) to be assigned to the device. This is used only as bootstrap configuration.
- `assigned_interfaces` (Attributes Set) Interface assignment for the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assigned_interfaces))
- `chassis_id` (String) Id of the parent chassis.
- `device_password` (String, Sensitive) Admin password for the device.
- `firewall_mode` (String) Firewall mode of the device.
  - Choices: `ROUTED`, `TRANSPARENT`
- `ftd_version` (String) Version of the device, that should be deployed. Image should be pre-deployed to the chassis.
- `name` (String) Name of the logical device. This is also a name of the device that will be deployed on the chassis.
- `resource_profile_id` (String) Id of the resource profile. Changing resource profile will trigger instance restart on deployment, however changing this value will not trigger automatic deployment.
- `resource_profile_name` (String) Name of the resource profile. Changing resource profile will trigger instance restart on deployment, however changing this value will not trigger automatic deployment.

### Optional

- `admin_state` (String) Admin state of the device.
  - Choices: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`
  - Default value: `ENABLED`
- `device_group_id` (String) Id of the device group.
- `dns_servers` (String) DNS servers for the device. Up to three, comma-separated DNS servers can be specified.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the device.
- `ipv4_address` (String) Management IPv4 address of the device.
- `ipv4_gateway` (String) Gateway for Management IPv4 address.
- `ipv4_netmask` (String) Netmask of Management IPv4 address.
- `ipv6_address` (String) Management IPv6 address of the device.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) Gateway for Management IPv6 address.
- `ipv6_prefix` (Number) Prefix length of Management IPv6 address.
- `license_capabilities` (Set of String) License capabilities to be assigned to the device. This is used only as bootstrap configuration.
  - Choices: `MALWARE`, `URLFilter`, `CARRIER`, `PROTECT`
- `permit_expert_mode` (String) Permit expert mode for the device.
  - Choices: `yes`, `no`
- `platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the platform settings.
- `search_domain` (String) Search domain for the device.

### Read-Only

- `container_id` (String) Id of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_name` (String) Name of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_role` (String) Role of the device in the container (PRIMARY, SECONDARY) for DeviceHAPair or (Control, Data) for DeviceCluster. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_status` (String) Status of the device in DeviceHAPair (Active, Standby, but other possible as well).
- `container_type` (String) Type of the parent container (DeviceHAPair or DeviceCluster). Empty if device is Standalone.
- `device_id` (String) Id of the device that is deployed as result of this configuration.
- `device_type` (String) Type of the device that is deployed as result of this configuration; this value is always 'Device'.
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the device; this value is always 'LogicalDevice'.

<a id="nestedatt--assigned_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assigned_interfaces`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_chassis_logical_device.example "<chassis_id>,<id>"
```
