---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_ospf_interface Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Device OSPF Interface.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.6
---

# fmc_device_ospf_interface (Resource)

This resource manages a Device OSPF Interface.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.6`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_device_ospf_interface" "example" {
  device_id            = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  interface_id         = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  default_cost         = 10
  priority             = 1
  mtu_missmatch_ignore = false
  hello_interval       = 10
  transmit_delay       = 1
  retransmit_interval  = 5
  dead_interval        = 40
  hello_multiplier     = 4
  point_to_point       = false
  bfd                  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Id of the parent device.
- `interface_id` (String) ID of the device interface.

### Optional

- `authentication_area_md5s` (Attributes List) Area MD5 authentication keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_area_md5s))
- `authentication_area_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for area authentication.
- `authentication_key_chain_id` (String) Key chain object ID for authentication.
- `authentication_md5s` (Attributes List) MD5 authentication keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_md5s))
- `authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication.
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) on the interface.
- `dead_interval` (Number) Time period in seconds for which hello packets must not be seen before neighbors indicate that the router is down.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `40`
- `default_cost` (Number) Cost of sending a packet through the interface.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `hello_interval` (Number) Interval, in seconds, between hello packets sent on an interface.
  - Range: `1`-`8192`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_multiplier` (Number) Number of Hello packets to be sent per second.
  - Range: `3`-`20`
- `mtu_missmatch_ignore` (Boolean) Ignore MTU mismatch on the interface.
- `point_to_point` (Boolean) Configure the interface as point-to-point non-broadcast.
- `priority` (Number) Designated router for a network.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `1`
- `retransmit_interval` (Number) Time in seconds between LSA retransmissions for adjacencies that belong to the interface.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `5`
- `transmit_delay` (Number) Estimated time in seconds to send an LSA packet on the interface.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `vrf_id` (String) Id of the parent VRF.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this is always 'OspfInterface'

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_area_md5s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_area_md5s`

Required:

- `id` (Number) Key ID.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 authentication key.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication_md5s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_md5s`

Required:

- `id` (Number) Key ID.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 authentication key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
# <vrf_id> is optional.
terraform import fmc_device_ospf_interface.example "<domain>,<device_id>,<vrf_id>,<id>"
```
