---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_physical_interface Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Device Physical Interface.
---

# fmc_device_physical_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a Device Physical Interface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_device_physical_interface" "example" {
  device_id                   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  mode                        = "NONE"
  name                        = "GigabitEthernet0/1"
  logical_name                = "myinterface-0-1"
  description                 = "my description"
  mtu                         = 9000
  ipv4_static_address         = "10.1.1.1"
  ipv4_static_netmask         = "24"
  ipv6_enable                 = true
  ipv6_enforce_eui            = true
  ipv6_enable_auto_config     = true
  ipv6_enable_dhcp_address    = true
  ipv6_enable_dhcp_nonaddress = true
  ipv6_enable_ra              = false
  ipv6_addresses = [
    {
      address = "2004::"
      prefix  = "124"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) UUID of the parent device (fmc_device.example.id).
- `mode` (String) Mode of the interface. Use INLINE if, and only if, the interface is part of fmc_inline_set with tap_mode=false or tap_mode unset. Use TAP if, and only if, the interface is part of fmc_inline_set with tap_mode = true. Use ERSPAN only when both erspan_source_ip and erspan_flow_id are set.
  - Choices: `INLINE`, `PASSIVE`, `TAP`, `ERSPAN`, `NONE`, `SWITCHPORT`
- `name` (String) Name of the interface; it must already be present on the device.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable the interface.
  - Default value: `true`
- `ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route` (Boolean) Any non-null value here indicates to enable DHCPv4. Value `false` indicates to enable DHCPv4 without obtaining from there the default IPv4 route but anyway requires also ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be set to exactly 1. Value `true` indicates to enable DHCPv4 and obtain the route and also requires ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be non-null. The ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route must be null when using ipv4_static_netmask.
- `ipv4_dhcp_route_metric` (Number) The metric for ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route. Any non-null value enables DHCP as a side effect. Must be null when using ipv4_static_netmask.
  - Range: `1`-`255`
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) Static IPv4 address. Conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6.
- `ipv6_enable_auto_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 autoconfiguration.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for address config.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_nonaddress` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for non-address config.
- `ipv6_enable_ra` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 router advertisement (RA).
- `ipv6_enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `logical_name` (String) Customizable logical name of the interface, unique on the device. Should not contain whitespace or slash characters. Must be non-empty in order to set security_zone_id, mtu, inline sets, etc.
- `management_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether this interface limits traffic to management traffic; when true, through-the-box traffic is disallowed. Value true conflicts with mode INLINE, PASSIVE, TAP, ERSPAN, or with security_zone_id.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum transmission unit. Can only be used when logical_name is set.
- `priority` (Number) Priority 0-65535. Can only be set for routed interfaces.
- `security_zone_id` (String) UUID of the assigned security zone (fmc_security_zone.example.id). Can only be used when logical_name is set.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_addresses`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `prefix` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_device_physical_interface.example "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470,76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
```
