---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_vni_interface Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Device VNI Interface.
---

# fmc_device_vni_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a Device VNI Interface.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_device_vni_interface" "example" {
  device_id               = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  vni_id                  = 42
  multicast_group_address = "224.0.0.24"
  segment_id              = 501
  nve_number              = 1
  logical_name            = "vni42"
  description             = "my description"
  security_zone_id        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  ipv4_static_address     = "10.2.2.2"
  ipv4_static_netmask     = "24"
  ipv6_enable             = true
  ipv6_enable_auto_config = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) UUID of the parent device (fmc_device.example.id).
- `vni_id` (Number) User-created VNI number for the interface, not exposed over the wire.
  - Range: `1`-`10000`

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional user-created description.
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `enable_proxy` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable proxy.
  - Default value: `false`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable the interface.
  - Default value: `true`
- `ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route` (Boolean) Any non-null value here indicates to enable DHCPv4. Value `false` indicates to enable DHCPv4 without obtaining from there the default IPv4 route but anyway requires also ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be set to exactly 1. Value `true` indicates to enable DHCPv4 and obtain the route and also requires ipv4_dhcp_route_metric to be non-null. The ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route must be null when using ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv4_dhcp_route_metric` (Number) The metric for ipv4_dhcp_obtain_route. Any non-null value enables DHCP as a side effect. Must be null when using ipv4_static_address.
  - Range: `1`-`255`
- `ipv4_static_address` (String) Static IPv4 address.
- `ipv4_static_netmask` (String) Netmask (width) for ipv4_static_address.
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6.
- `ipv6_enable_auto_config` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 autoconfiguration.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for address config.
- `ipv6_enable_dhcp_nonaddress` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable DHCPv6 for non-address config.
- `ipv6_enable_ra` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable IPv6 router advertisement (RA).
- `ipv6_enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `logical_name` (String) Customizable logical name of the interface, unique on the device. Should not contain whitespace or slash characters. Can only be used when `segment_id` is set.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum transmission unit. Can only be used when logical_name is set on the parent interface.
- `multicast_group_address` (String) Can only be set when VNI interface is mapped to VTEP source interface with `neighbor_discovery` equal to DEFAULT_MULTICAST_GROUP. If unset, the default group from the VTEP source interface is used.
- `nve_number` (Number) VTEP NVE number (fmc_device_vtep_policy.example.vteps[0].nve_number). If null, not mapped to a VTEP.
  - Range: `1`-`10000`
- `priority` (Number) Priority 0-65535.
- `security_zone_id` (String) UUID of the assigned security zone (fmc_security_zone.example.id). Can only be used when `logical_name` is set.
- `segment_id` (Number) VNI tag value used in packets over the wire. If null, the `enable_proxy` must be true.
  - Range: `1`-`16777215`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_addresses`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address without a slash and prefix.
- `enforce_eui` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce IPv6 Extended Unique Identifier (EUI64 from RFC2373).
- `prefix` (String) Prefix width for the IPv6 address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_device_vni_interface.example "<device_id>,<id>"
```
