---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Device. This resource is not supported in cdFMC - to register the device in cdFMC, please use Security Cloud Control API instead.
---

# fmc_device (Resource)

This resource manages a Device. This resource is not supported in cdFMC - to register the device in cdFMC, please use Security Cloud Control API instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_device" "example" {
  name                     = "my_device"
  host_name                = "10.0.0.1"
  licenses                 = ["ESSENTIALS"]
  registration_key         = "key1"
  performance_tier         = "FTDv5"
  snort_engine             = "SNORT3"
  object_group_search      = true
  access_control_policy_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_control_policy_id` (String) Id of the assigned Access Control Policy.
- `host_name` (String) Hostname or IP address of the device. Either the `host_name` or `nat_id` must be present.
- `licenses` (Set of String) Array of strings representing the license capabilities on the managed device.
  - Choices: `ESSENTIALS`, `IPS`, `URL`, `MALWARE_DEFENSE`, `CARRIER`, `SECURE_CLIENT_PREMIER`, `SECURE_CLIENT_PREMIER_ADVANTAGE`, `SECURE_CLIENT_VPNOnly`, `BASE`, `THREAT`, `PROTECT`, `CONTROL`, `URLFilter`, `MALWARE`, `VPN`, `SSL`
- `name` (String) Name of the device.
- `registration_key` (String) Registration Key identical to the one previously configured on the device (`configure manager`).

### Optional

- `device_group_id` (String) Id of the device group.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `health_policy_id` (String) Id of the assigned Health policy. Every device requires health policy assignment, hence removal of this attribute does not trigger health policy de-assignment.
- `nat_id` (String) (used for device registration behind NAT) If the device to be registered and the Firepower Management Center are separated by network address translation (NAT), set a unique string identifier.
- `nat_policy_id` (String) Id of the assigned FTD NAT policy.
- `object_group_search` (Boolean) Enables Object Group Search
- `performance_tier` (String) Performance tier for the managed device.
  - Choices: `FTDv5`, `FTDv10`, `FTDv20`, `FTDv30`, `FTDv50`, `FTDv100`, `Legacy`
- `prohibit_packet_transfer` (Boolean) Value true prohibits the device from sending packet data with events to the Firepower Management Center. Value false allows the transfer when a certain event is triggered. Not all traffic data is sent; connection events do not include a payload, only connection metadata.
- `snort_engine` (String) SNORT engine version to be enabled.
  - Choices: `SNORT2`, `SNORT3`

### Read-Only

- `container_id` (String) Id of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_name` (String) Name of the parent container. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_role` (String) Role of the device in the container (PRIMARY, SECONDARY) for DeviceHAPair or (Control, Data) for DeviceCluster. Empty if device is Standalone.
- `container_status` (String) Status of the device in DeviceHAPair (Active, Standby, but other possible as well).
- `container_type` (String) Type of the parent container (DeviceHAPair or DeviceCluster). Empty if device is Standalone.
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `is_multi_instance` (Boolean) True if the device is part of a multi-instance.
- `is_part_of_container` (Boolean) True if the device is part of a container (DeviceHAPair or DeviceCluster).
- `type` (String) Type of the device; this value is always 'Device'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_device.example "<domain>,<id>"
```
