---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - SNMP.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - SNMP.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp" "example" {
  ftd_platform_settings_id  = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  enable_snmp_server        = true
  read_community_string     = "public"
  system_administrator_name = "admin"
  location                  = "Data Center 1"
  snmp_server_port          = 161
  snmp_management_hosts = [
    {
      ip_object_id             = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
      snmp_version             = "SNMPv3"
      username                 = "snmpuser1"
      poll                     = true
      trap                     = true
      trap_port                = 162
      use_management_interface = false
      interface_objects = [
        {
          id   = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
          type = "SecurityZone"
          name = "Outside"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
  snmpv3_users = [
    {
      security_level                = "Priv"
      username                      = "snmpuser1"
      password_type                 = "Clear"
      authentication_algorithm_type = "SHA256"
      authentication_password       = "MyAuthPassword123"
      encryption_type               = "AES256"
      encryption_password           = "MyEncryptionPassword123"
    }
  ]
  trap_syslog                        = true
  trap_authentication                = true
  trap_link_up                       = true
  trap_link_down                     = true
  trap_cold_start                    = true
  trap_warm_start                    = true
  trap_field_replacement_unit_insert = true
  trap_field_replacement_unit_delete = true
  trap_configuration_change          = true
  trap_connection_limit_reached      = true
  trap_nat_packet_discard            = true
  trap_cpu_rising_threshold          = true
  trap_cpu_rising_threshold_value    = 70
  trap_cpu_rising_threshold_interval = 1
  trap_memory_rising_threshold       = true
  trap_memory_rising_threshold_value = 70
  trap_failover                      = true
  trap_cluster                       = true
  trap_peer_flap                     = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `enable_snmp_server` (Boolean) Enable SNMP servers.
- `location` (String) Location of the device.
- `read_community_string` (String, Sensitive) Password used by a SNMP management station when sending requests to the threat defense device.
- `snmp_management_hosts` (Attributes List) List of SNMP management hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts))
- `snmp_server_port` (Number) UDP port on which incoming requests will be accepted.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `161`
- `snmpv3_users` (Attributes List) List of SNMPv3 users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmpv3_users))
- `system_administrator_name` (String) Name of the device administrator or other contact person.
- `trap_authentication` (Boolean) Unauthorized SNMP access. This authentication failure occurs for packets with an incorrect community string.
- `trap_cluster` (Boolean) Change in the cluster state.
- `trap_cold_start` (Boolean) The device is reinitializing itself such that its configuration or the protocol entity implementation may be altered.
- `trap_configuration_change` (Boolean) There has been a hardware change.
- `trap_connection_limit_reached` (Boolean) Connection attempt was rejected because the configured connections limit has been reached.
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold` (Boolean) CPU utilization exceeds a predefined threshold for a configured period of time.
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold_interval` (Number) Time interval (in minutes) to evaluate the CPU rising threshold.
  - Range: `1`-`60`
- `trap_cpu_rising_threshold_value` (Number) Percent of CPU utilization that triggers a trap.
  - Range: `10`-`94`
- `trap_failover` (Boolean) Change in the failover state.
- `trap_field_replacement_unit_delete` (Boolean) Field Replaceable Unit (FRU) has been removed.
- `trap_field_replacement_unit_insert` (Boolean) Field Replaceable Unit (FRU) has been inserted.
- `trap_link_down` (Boolean) One of the device's communication links has failed.
- `trap_link_up` (Boolean) One of the device's communication links has become available.
- `trap_memory_rising_threshold` (Boolean) Memory utilization exceeds a predefined threshold
- `trap_memory_rising_threshold_value` (Number) Percent of memory utilization that triggers a trap.
  - Range: `50`-`95`
- `trap_nat_packet_discard` (Boolean) IP packets are discarded by the NAT.
- `trap_peer_flap` (Boolean) BGP route flapping detected.
- `trap_syslog` (Boolean) Enable transmission of trap-related syslog messages.
- `trap_warm_start` (Boolean) The device is reinitializing itself such that its configuration and the protocol entity implementation is unaltered.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDSNMPPlatformSettings'.

<a id="nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_management_hosts`

Required:

- `ip_object_id` (String) Id of the network object that defines the SNMP management station's host address. This can be an IPv6 host, IPv4 host, IPv4 range or IPv4 subnet.
- `snmp_version` (String) SNMP version to be used.
  - Choices: `SNMPv1`, `SNMPv2c`, `SNMPv3`

Optional:

- `interface_literals` (Set of String) List of interfaces to reach SNMP management host.
- `interface_objects` (Attributes Set) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) to reach SNMP management host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts--interface_objects))
- `poll` (Boolean) The management station periodically requests information from the device.
- `read_community_string` (String, Sensitive) (SNMPv1, 2c only) Read community string.
- `trap` (Boolean) The device sends trap events to the management station as they occur.
- `trap_port` (Number) SNMP trap UDP port.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `162`
- `use_management_interface` (Boolean) Use the device management interface to reach SNMP management station.
- `username` (String) (SNMPv3 only) Select SNMPv3 username.

<a id="nestedatt--snmp_management_hosts--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_management_hosts.interface_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the interface object.
- `name` (String) Name of the interface object.
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object; either 'SecurityZone' or 'InterfaceGroup'.
  - Choices: `SecurityZone`, `InterfaceGroup`



<a id="nestedatt--snmpv3_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmpv3_users`

Required:

- `security_level` (String) Select desired security level.
  - Choices: `Auth`, `NoAuth`, `Priv`
- `username` (String) SNMPv3 username.

Optional:

- `authentication_algorithm_type` (String) Type of authentication algorithm.
  - Choices: `SHA`, `SHA224`, `SHA256`, `SHA384`
- `authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) SNMPv3 authentication password. If you selected Encrypted as the `password_type`, the password must be formatted as xx:xx:xx..., where xx are hexadecimal values.
- `encryption_password` (String, Sensitive) SNMPv3 encryption password. If you selected Encrypted as the `password_type`, the password must be formatted as xx:xx:xx..., where xx are hexadecimal values.
- `encryption_type` (String) Type of encryption algorithm.
  - Choices: `AES128`, `AES192`, `AES256`
- `password_type` (String) Whether `authentication_password` and `encryption_password` are in clear text or encrypted.
  - Choices: `Clear`, `Encrypted`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_ftd_platform_settings_snmp.example "<ftd_platform_settings_id>,<id>"
```
