---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_auto_nat_rule Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This resource manages a FTD Auto NAT Rule.
---

# fmc_ftd_auto_nat_rule (Resource)

This resource manages a FTD Auto NAT Rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_auto_nat_rule" "example" {
  ftd_nat_policy_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  nat_type              = "STATIC"
  original_network_id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08481"
  translated_network_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08483"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_nat_policy_id` (String) Id of the FTD NAT Policy.
- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule.
  - Choices: `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`

### Optional

- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface).
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping.
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface.
- `original_network_id` (String) ID of original network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_port` (Number) Original port number.
- `pat_block_allocation` (Boolean) Enable port block allocation.
- `pat_extended_table` (Boolean) Use Extended PAT.
- `pat_flat_port_range` (Boolean) Use the 1024 to 65535 port range as a single flat range when allocating TCP/UDP ports. This option is always enabled on device(s) starting from v6.7.0, irrespective of its configured value.
- `pat_include_reserved_ports` (Boolean) Use port range of 1 to 65535.
- `pat_pool_address_id` (String) ID of the Host / Network / Range / Network Group object used as PAT pool address.
- `pat_round_robin_allocation` (Boolean) Enable round robin addresses/ports allocation.
- `pat_use_interface_address` (Boolean) Use interface address for PAT.
- `perform_route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface.
- `protocol` (String) Service protocol.
  - Choices: `TCP`, `UDP`
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group.
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule.
- `translated_network_id` (String) ID of translated network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_network_is_destination_interface` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address.
- `translated_port` (Number) Translated port number.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDAutoNatRule'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_ftd_auto_nat_rule.example "<domain>,<ftd_nat_policy_id>,<id>"
```
