---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - Syslog - Syslog Settings.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - Syslog - Syslog Settings.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings" "example" {
  ftd_platform_settings_id          = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  facility                          = "LOCAL4"
  timestamp_format                  = "RFC_5424"
  device_id_type                    = "USERDEFINEDID"
  device_id_user_defined_id         = "my_device_id"
  all_syslog_messages               = true
  all_syslog_messages_logging_level = "ERR"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.

### Optional

- `all_syslog_messages` (Boolean) Enable all syslog messages.
- `all_syslog_messages_logging_level` (String) Logging level for all syslog messages. This is required when `all_syslog_messages` is set to `true`.
  - Choices: `EMERG`, `ALERT`, `CRIT`, `ERR`, `WARNING`, `NOTICE`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`
- `device_id_interface_id` (String) Use the IP address of the selected interface (Security Zone or Interface Group that maps to a single interface). This is required when `device_id_type` is set to `INTERFACE`.
- `device_id_type` (String) Include device identifier to syslog messages.
  - Choices: `INTERFACE`, `USERDEFINEDID`, `HOSTNAME`
- `device_id_user_defined_id` (String) User defined device identifier. This is required when `device_id_type` is set to `USERDEFINEDID`.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `facility` (String) System log facility for syslog servers to use as a basis to file messages.
  - Choices: `LOCAL0`, `LOCAL1`, `LOCAL2`, `LOCAL3`, `LOCAL4`, `LOCAL5`, `LOCAL6`, `LOCAL7`
  - Default value: `LOCAL4`
- `timestamp_format` (String) Include timestamp to generated syslog messages in the specified format.
  - Choices: `RFC_5424`, `LEGACY`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SyslogSetting'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_ftd_platform_settings_syslog_settings.example "<ftd_platform_settings_id>,<id>"
```
