---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_nat_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Network Address Translation (NAT) policy with corresponding Manual and Auto NAT rules.
---

# fmc_ftd_nat_policy (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Network Address Translation (NAT) policy with corresponding Manual and Auto NAT rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_nat_policy" "example" {
  name        = "my_ftd_nat_policy"
  description = "My nat policy"
  manual_nat_rules = [
    {
      description          = "My manual nat rule 1"
      enabled              = true
      section              = "BEFORE_AUTO"
      nat_type             = "STATIC"
      fall_through         = false
      original_source_id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08471"
      translated_source_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08476"
    }
  ]
  auto_nat_rules = [
    {
      nat_type              = "STATIC"
      original_network_id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08481"
      translated_network_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08483"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the FTD Network Address Translation (NAT) policy.

### Optional

- `auto_nat_rules` (Attributes List) The list of auto NAT rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_nat_rules))
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `manual_nat_rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of manual NAT rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--manual_nat_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--auto_nat_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_nat_rules`

Required:

- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule
  - Choices: `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`

Optional:

- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface)
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface
- `original_network_id` (String) ID of original network object (host, network or range)
- `original_port` (Number) Original port number
- `perform_route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface
- `protocol` (String) Service protocol
  - Choices: `TCP`, `UDP`
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule
- `translated_network_id` (String) ID of translated network object (host, network or range)
- `translated_network_is_destination_interface` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address
- `translated_port` (Number) Translated port number

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Auto NAT rule.


<a id="nestedatt--manual_nat_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manual_nat_rules`

Required:

- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule
  - Choices: `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`
- `section` (String) Name of section to which the rule belongs.
  - Choices: `BEFORE_AUTO`, `AFTER_AUTO`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of Manual NAT rule.
- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule is enabled.
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface)
- `interface_in_original_destination` (Boolean) Use interface address as original destination
- `interface_in_translated_source` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface
- `original_destination_id` (String) ID of original destination network object (host, network or range)
- `original_destination_port_id` (String) ID of original destination port object
- `original_source_id` (String) ID of original source network object (host, network or range)
- `original_source_port_id` (String) ID of original source port object
- `route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule
- `translated_destination_id` (String) ID of translated destination network object (host, network or range)
- `translated_destination_port_id` (String) ID of translated destination port object
- `translated_source_id` (String) ID of translated source network object (host, network or range)
- `translated_source_port_id` (String) ID of translated source port object
- `unidirectional` (Boolean) Whether the rule is unidirectional

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the manual nat rule.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_ftd_nat_policy.example "<id>"
```
