---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_dns Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - DNS - DNS Settings.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version: 7.7
---

# fmc_ftd_platform_settings_dns (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Platform Settings - DNS - DNS Settings.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version: `7.7`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_platform_settings_dns" "example" {
  ftd_platform_settings_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  server_groups = [
    {
      id         = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
      is_default = true
    }
  ]
  expire_entry_timer = 1
  poll_timer         = 240
  interface_objects = [
    {
      id   = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
      type = "SecurityZone"
    }
  ]
  use_management_interface = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_platform_settings_id` (String) Id of the parent FTD Platform Settings.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `expire_entry_timer` (Number) Minimum time-to-live (TTL) for the DNS entry (in minutes).
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `interface_objects` (Attributes List) List of interface objects (Security Zones or Interface Groups) to be used for DNS resolution. If not specified, the device uses all interfaces for DNS resolution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interface_objects))
- `poll_timer` (Number) Time limit after which the device queries the DNS server to resolve the name.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `server_groups` (Attributes List) List of DNS servers that will be used by device. It is mandatory to define at least one DNS server group marked as default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_groups))
- `use_management_interface` (Boolean) Enable lookup via management/diagnostic interface.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'DNSSetting'.

<a id="nestedatt--interface_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface_objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID of the interface object (Security Zone or Interface Group).
- `type` (String) Type of the interface object.
  - Choices: `SecurityZone`, `InterfaceGroup`


<a id="nestedatt--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Optional:

- `filter_domains` (List of String) Mandatory for non-default groups. The group will be used for DNS resolutions for these domains only.
- `id` (String) ID of the DNS server group object.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Set DNS server group as default. Any DNS resolution request that does not match the filters for other groups will be resolved using the servers in this group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_ftd_platform_settings_dns.example "<ftd_platform_settings_id>,<id>"
```
