---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policies"
description: |-
  This resource manages a FTD Manual NAT Rule.
---

# fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule (Resource)

This resource manages a FTD Manual NAT Rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule" "example" {
  ftd_nat_policy_id    = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  description          = "My manual nat rule 1"
  enabled              = true
  section              = "BEFORE_AUTO"
  nat_type             = "STATIC"
  fall_through         = false
  original_source_id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08471"
  translated_source_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08476"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ftd_nat_policy_id` (String) Id of the FTD NAT Policy.
- `nat_type` (String) Type of the rule.
  - Choices: `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`
- `section` (String) Name of section to which the rule belongs.
  - Choices: `BEFORE_AUTO`, `AFTER_AUTO`

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of Manual NAT rule.
- `destination_interface_id` (String) ID of destination security zone or interface group.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the rule is enabled.
- `fall_through` (Boolean) Fallthrough to Interface PAT (Destination Interface).
- `interface_in_original_destination` (Boolean) Use interface address as original destination.
- `interface_in_translated_source` (Boolean) Translate source network to destination interface address.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Use the IPv6 address of the destination interface for interface PAT.
- `net_to_net` (Boolean) Net to Net Mapping.
- `no_proxy_arp` (Boolean) Do not proxy ARP on Destination Interface.
- `original_destination_id` (String) ID of original destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_destination_port_id` (String) ID of original destination port object.
- `original_source_id` (String) ID of original source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `original_source_port_id` (String) ID of original source port object.
- `route_lookup` (Boolean) Perform Route Lookup for Destination Interface.
- `source_interface_id` (String) ID of source security zone or interface group.
- `translate_dns` (Boolean) Translate DNS replies that match this rule.
- `translated_destination_id` (String) ID of translated destination network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_destination_port_id` (String) ID of translated destination port object.
- `translated_source_id` (String) ID of translated source network object (Host, Network or Range).
- `translated_source_port_id` (String) ID of translated source port object.
- `unidirectional` (Boolean) Whether the rule is unidirectional.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'FTDManualNatRule'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_ftd_manual_nat_rule.example "<domain>,<ftd_nat_policy_id>,<id>"
```
