---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_group_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Group Policy.
---

# fmc_group_policy (Resource)

This resource manages a Group Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_group_policy" "example" {
  name                 = "my_group_policy"
  description          = "My Group Policy object"
  protocol_ssl         = true
  protocol_ipsec_ikev2 = true
  ipv4_address_pools = [
    {
      id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
    }
  ]
  banner                                    = "Welcome to the VPN Connection."
  primary_dns_server_host_id                = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  secondary_dns_server_host_id              = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123457"
  primary_wins_server_host_id               = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123458"
  secondary_wins_server_host_id             = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123459"
  ipv4_dhcp_network_scope_network_object_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123460"
  default_domain                            = "example.com"
  ipv4_split_tunnel_policy                  = "TUNNEL_ALL"
  ipv6_split_tunnel_policy                  = "TUNNEL_ALL"
  dns_request_split_tunnel_policy           = "TUNNEL_SPECIFIED_DOMAINS"
  dns_request_split_tunnel_domains          = "example.com,example.org"
  secure_client_profile_id                  = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  secure_client_management_profile_id       = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  secure_client_modules = [
    {
      type            = "UMBRELLA_ROAMING"
      profile_id      = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      download_module = true
    }
  ]
  ssl_compression                                      = "DISABLED"
  dtls_compression                                     = "DISABLED"
  mtu_size                                             = 1406
  ignore_df_bit                                        = true
  keep_alive_messages                                  = true
  keep_alive_messages_interval                         = 20
  gateway_dead_peer_detection                          = true
  gateway_dead_peer_detection_interval                 = 30
  client_dead_peer_detection                           = true
  client_dead_peer_detection_interval                  = 30
  client_bypass_protocol                               = false
  ssl_rekey                                            = true
  ssl_rekey_method                                     = "NEW_TUNNEL"
  ssl_rekey_interval                                   = 60
  client_firewall_private_network_rules_access_list_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  client_firewall_public_network_rules_access_list_id  = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  secure_client_custom_attributes = [
    {
      id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
    }
  ]
  traffic_filter_access_list_id          = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  restrict_vpn_to_vlan                   = 100
  access_hours_time_range_id             = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  simultaneous_logins_per_user           = 3
  maximum_connection_time                = 3600
  maximum_connection_time_alert_interval = 1
  idle_timeout                           = 3600
  idle_timeout_alert_interval            = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Group Policy object. Use `DfltGrpPolicy` to manage the default group policy.

### Optional

- `access_hours_time_range_id` (String) ID of Time Range object that specifies when this group policy is available to be applied to a remote access user.
- `banner` (String) Banner text to be displayed to users. In case of a line spanning more than 497 characters, split the line into multiple lines.
- `client_bypass_protocol` (Boolean) Drop network traffic for which the headend did not assign an IP address. Applicable if headend assigned only IPv4 or only IPv6 address.
- `client_dead_peer_detection` (Boolean) Enable VPN client Dead Peer Detection (DPD).
  - Default value: `true`
- `client_dead_peer_detection_interval` (Number) VPN client Dead Peer Detection (DPD) messages interval in seconds.
  - Range: `5`-`3600`
  - Default value: `30`
- `client_firewall_private_network_rules_access_list_id` (String) Id of Extended Access List to configure firewall settings for the VPN client's platform.
- `client_firewall_public_network_rules_access_list_id` (String) Id of Extended Access List to configure firewall settings for the VPN client's platform.
- `default_domain` (String) Name of the default domain.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `dns_request_split_tunnel_domains` (String) Up to 10, comma separated domains for split DNS requests.
- `dns_request_split_tunnel_policy` (String) Define if DNS requests should be send over the tunnel or not.
  - Choices: `USE_SPLIT_TUNNEL_SETTING`, `TUNNEL_ALL`, `TUNNEL_SPECIFIED_DOMAINS`
  - Default value: `USE_SPLIT_TUNNEL_SETTING`
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `dtls_compression` (String) DTLS compression method for the connection.
  - Choices: `DISABLED`, `LZS`
- `gateway_dead_peer_detection` (Boolean) Enable VPN secure gateway Dead Peer Detection (DPD).
  - Default value: `true`
- `gateway_dead_peer_detection_interval` (Number) VPN secure gateway Dead Peer Detection (DPD) messages interval in seconds.
  - Range: `5`-`3600`
  - Default value: `30`
- `idle_timeout` (Number) VPN idle timeout in minutes.
  - Range: `1`-`4473924`
- `idle_timeout_alert_interval` (Number) Interval of time before idle time is reached to display a message to the user.
  - Range: `1`-`30`
- `ignore_df_bit` (Boolean) Whether to ignore the Don't Fragment bit in packets.
- `ipv4_address_pools` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Address Pools for address assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_address_pools))
- `ipv4_dhcp_network_scope_network_object_id` (String) Id of the Network Object used to determine the DHCP scope.
- `ipv4_split_tunnel_policy` (String) IPv4 split tunnel policy.
  - Choices: `TUNNEL_ALL`, `TUNNEL_SPECIFIED`, `EXCLUDE_SPECIFIED_OVER_TUNNEL`
  - Default value: `TUNNEL_ALL`
- `ipv6_split_tunnel_policy` (String) IPv6 split tunnel policy.
  - Choices: `TUNNEL_ALL`, `TUNNEL_SPECIFIED`, `EXCLUDE_SPECIFIED_OVER_TUNNEL`
  - Default value: `TUNNEL_ALL`
- `keep_alive_messages` (Boolean) Enable Keepalive Messages between Secure Client and VPN gateway.
  - Default value: `true`
- `keep_alive_messages_interval` (Number) Keepalive message interval in seconds.
  - Range: `15`-`600`
  - Default value: `20`
- `maximum_connection_time` (Number) Maximum user connection time in minutes.
  - Range: `1`-`4473924`
- `maximum_connection_time_alert_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval of time before maximum connection time is reached to display a message to the user.
  - Range: `1`-`30`
- `mtu_size` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) size for SSL connections.
  - Range: `576`-`1462`
  - Default value: `1406`
- `primary_dns_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents primary DNS server.
- `primary_wins_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents primary WINS server.
- `protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 protocol for VPN connections.
  - Default value: `true`
- `protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL protocol for VPN connections.
  - Default value: `true`
- `restrict_vpn_to_vlan` (Number) Specifies the egress VLAN ID for sessions to which this Group Policy applies.
  - Range: `1`-`4094`
- `secondary_dns_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents secondary DNS server.
- `secondary_wins_server_host_id` (String) Id of host object that represents secondary WINS server.
- `secure_client_custom_attributes` (Attributes List) Secure Client Custom Attributes that are used by the Secure Client to configure features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_custom_attributes))
- `secure_client_management_profile_id` (String) ID of the Secure Client Management Profile.
- `secure_client_modules` (Attributes List) List of Secure Client Modules to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_modules))
- `secure_client_profile_id` (String) ID of the Secure Client Profile.
- `simultaneous_logins_per_user` (Number) Maximum number of simultaneous logins allowed for a user.
  - Range: `0`-`2147483647`
- `split_tunnel_access_list_id` (String) Id of Standard (for IPv4) or Extended (for IPv4 or IPv6) Access List used for split tunnel configuration.
- `split_tunnel_access_list_type` (String) Type of Access List used for split tunnel configuration. Mandatory, when `split_tunnel_access_list_id` is set.
  - Choices: `StandardAccessList`, `ExtendedAccessList`
- `ssl_compression` (String) SSL compression method for the connection.
  - Choices: `DISABLED`, `DEFLATE`, `LZS`
- `ssl_rekey` (Boolean) Enables the client to rekey the connection.
- `ssl_rekey_interval` (Number) Interval for SSL rekeying in minutes.
  - Range: `4`-`10080`
- `ssl_rekey_method` (String) Method to use for SSL rekeying.
  - Choices: `NEW_TUNNEL`, `EXISTING_TUNNEL`
- `traffic_filter_access_list_id` (String) Id of Extended Access List that determine whether to allow or block tunneled data packets coming through the VPN connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'GroupPolicy'.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_address_pools`

Required:

- `id` (String) Pool Id.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_custom_attributes`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the Custom Attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_modules`

Required:

- `type` (String) - Choices: `AMP_ENABLER`, `FEEDBACK`, `ISE_POSTURE`, `NETWORK_ACCESS_MANAGER`, `NETWORK_VISIBILITY`, `UMBRELLA_ROAMING`, `WEB_SECURITY`, `START_BEFORE_LOGIN`, `DART`

Optional:

- `download_module` (Boolean) Enable module download.
  - Default value: `true`
- `profile_id` (String) ID of the module profile.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_group_policy.example "<domain>,<id>"
```
