---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_network_groups Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This plural resource manages a bulk of Network Groups. The FMC API supports quick bulk creation for this resource, but the deletion/modification is done one-by-one. Updating and deleting fmc_network_groups can thus take much more time than creating it (even >500 times more time, i.e. >50000%, depending on the change size). The terraform import of the resource is not implemented, you need to instead use the singular resource fmc_network_group.
---

# fmc_network_groups (Resource)

This plural resource manages a bulk of Network Groups. The FMC API supports quick bulk creation for this resource, but the deletion/modification is done one-by-one. Updating and deleting `fmc_network_groups` can thus take much more time than creating it (even >500 times more time, i.e. >50000%, depending on the change size). The `terraform import` of the resource is not implemented, you need to instead use the singular resource `fmc_network_group`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_network_groups" "example" {
  items = {
    net_group_1 = {
      description    = "My Network Group 1"
      network_groups = ["child_group_1"]
      objects = [
        {
        }
      ]
      literals = [
        {
          value = "10.1.1.0/24"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of network groups. The key of the map is the name of the individual Network Group. Renaming Network Groups is not yet implemented. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Optional user-created description.
- `literals` (Attributes Set) Set of literal values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--literals))
- `network_groups` (Set of String) Set of names (not UUIDs) of child Network Groups. The names must be defined in the same instance of fmc_network_groups resource. This is an auxiliary way to add a child Network Group: the suggested way is to instead add it inside `objects` by its UUID. Renaming a group contained in `network_groups` is not yet implemented, while it works in `objects`.
- `objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects (fmc_network, fmc_host, ...). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--objects))
- `overridable` (Boolean) Indicates whether object values can be overridden.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the managed Network Group.

<a id="nestedatt--items--literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.literals`

Optional:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.example.id, fmc_host.example.id, fmc_network_groups.another.items["example"].id, etc.).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_network_groups.example "<id>"
```
