---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_policy_list Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Policy List.
---

# fmc_policy_list (Resource)

This resource manages a Policy List.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_policy_list" "example" {
  name   = "my_policy_list"
  action = "PERMIT"
  interfaces = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  interface_names = ["GigabitEthernet0/1"]
  address_standard_access_lists = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  next_hop_standard_access_lists = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  route_source_standard_access_lists = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  as_paths = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  community_lists = [
    {
      id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
  match_community_exactly = true
  metric                  = 100
  tag                     = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Policy List object.

### Optional

- `action` (String) Select whether to allow or block access for matching conditions.
  - Choices: `PERMIT`, `DENY`
- `address_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute any routes that have a destination address that is permitted by a prefix list. address_standard_access_lists and address_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `address_standard_access_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute any routes that have a destination address that is permitted by a standard access list. address_standard_access_lists and address_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_standard_access_lists))
- `as_paths` (Attributes List) Match a BGP autonomous system path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--as_paths))
- `community_lists` (Attributes List) List of Standard/Expanded Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--community_lists))
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `extended_community_lists` (Attributes List) List of Extended Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extended_community_lists))
- `interface_names` (List of String) List of interface names that are not in the zones.
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) List of security zones/interface groups that contain the interfaces through which the device communicates with the management station. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))
- `match_community_exactly` (Boolean) Match BGP community exactly with the specified community.
- `metric` (Number) Match routes that have a specified metric. Specyfing multiple values is not supported due to FMC API bug.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute any routes that have a next hop router address passed by a prefix list. next_hop_standard_access_lists and next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `next_hop_standard_access_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute any routes that have a next hop router address passed by a standard access list. next_hop_standard_access_lists and next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--next_hop_standard_access_lists))
- `route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute routes that have been advertised by routers at the address specified by the prefix list. route_source_standard_access_lists and route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `route_source_standard_access_lists` (Attributes List) Redistribute routes that have been advertised by routers at the address specified by the access list. route_source_standard_access_lists and route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_source_standard_access_lists))
- `tag` (Number) Match routes that have a specified security group tag. Specyfing multiple values is not supported due to FMC API bug.
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'PolicyList'.

<a id="nestedatt--address_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--address_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_standard_access_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--as_paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_paths`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of object.


<a id="nestedatt--community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `community_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--extended_community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extended_community_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--next_hop_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `next_hop_standard_access_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--route_source_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_source_standard_access_lists`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_policy_list.example "<id>"
```
