---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_policy_lists Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages Policy Lists through bulk operations.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Bulk object creation is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneBulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneUpdates are always done one-by-one.
---

# fmc_policy_lists (Resource)

This resource manages Policy Lists through bulk operations.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Bulk object creation is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Updates are always done one-by-one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_policy_lists" "example" {
  items = {
    my_policy_lists = {
      action = "PERMIT"
      interfaces = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      interface_names = ["GigabitEthernet0/1"]
      address_standard_access_lists = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      next_hop_standard_access_lists = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      route_source_standard_access_lists = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      as_paths = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      community_lists = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      match_community_exactly = true
      metric                  = 100
      tag                     = 100
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Policy Lists. The key of the map is the name of the individual Policy List. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `action` (String) Select whether to allow or block access for matching conditions.
  - Choices: `PERMIT`, `DENY`

Optional:

- `address_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute any routes that have a destination address that is permitted by a prefix list. `address_standard_access_lists` and `address_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--address_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `address_standard_access_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute any routes that have a destination address that is permitted by a standard access list. `address_standard_access_lists` and `address_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--address_standard_access_lists))
- `as_paths` (Attributes Set) Match a BGP autonomous system path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--as_paths))
- `community_lists` (Attributes Set) Standard/Expanded Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--community_lists))
- `extended_community_lists` (Attributes Set) Extended Community Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--extended_community_lists))
- `interface_names` (List of String) List of interface names that are not in the zones.
- `interfaces` (Attributes Set) Security zones/interface groups that contain the interfaces through which the device communicates with the management station. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--interfaces))
- `match_community_exactly` (Boolean) Match BGP community exactly with the specified community.
- `metric` (Number) Match routes that have a specified metric. Specyfing multiple values is not supported due to FMC API bug.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute any routes that have a next hop router address passed by a prefix list. `next_hop_standard_access_lists` and `next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `next_hop_standard_access_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute any routes that have a next hop router address passed by a standard access list. `next_hop_standard_access_lists` and `next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--next_hop_standard_access_lists))
- `route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute routes that have been advertised by routers at the address specified by the prefix list. `route_source_standard_access_lists` and `route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `route_source_standard_access_lists` (Attributes Set) Redistribute routes that have been advertised by routers at the address specified by the access list. `route_source_standard_access_lists` and `route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists` are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--route_source_standard_access_lists))
- `tag` (Number) Match routes that have a specified security group tag. Specyfing multiple values is not supported due to FMC API bug.
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Policy List.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'PolicyList'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--address_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.address_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--address_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.address_standard_access_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--as_paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.as_paths`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.community_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--extended_community_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.extended_community_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.interfaces`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.next_hop_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--next_hop_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.next_hop_standard_access_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.route_source_ipv4_prefix_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--route_source_standard_access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.route_source_standard_access_lists`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_policy_lists.example "<domain>,[<item1_name>,<item2_name>,...]"
```
