---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_ports Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages Ports through bulk operations.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Minimum FMC version for bulk object deletion: 7.4If FMC version does not meet the minimum version requirement for bulk operations, this resource will automatically fall back to processing operations one-by-one.Updates are always done one-by-one.
---

# fmc_ports (Resource)

This resource manages Ports through bulk operations.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Minimum FMC version for bulk object deletion: `7.4`
  - If FMC version does not meet the minimum version requirement for bulk operations, this resource will automatically fall back to processing operations one-by-one.
  - Updates are always done one-by-one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_ports" "example" {
  items = {
    ports_1 = {
      port        = "443"
      protocol    = "TCP"
      description = "Port TCP/443 (HTTPS)"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of ports. The key of the map is the name of the individual Port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) IANA protocol number or Ethertype. This is handled differently for Transport and Network layer protocols. Transport layer protocols are identified by the IANA protocol number (e.g. 6 means TCP, and 17 means UDP). Network layer protocols are identified by the decimal form of the IEEE Registration Authority Ethertype (e.g. 2048 means IP).

Optional:

- `description` (String) Optional user-created description.
- `overridable` (Boolean) Indicates whether object values can be overridden.
- `port` (String) Port number in decimal for TCP or UDP. Otherwise a protocol-specific value.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the managed Port.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'ProtocolPortObject'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_ports.example "<domain>,[<ports_name>]"
```
