---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_radius_server_group Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Radius Server Group.
---

# fmc_radius_server_group (Resource)

This resource manages a Radius Server Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_radius_server_group" "example" {
  name                            = "my_radius_server_group"
  description                     = "My RADIUS Server Group object"
  group_accounting_mode           = "SINGLE"
  retry_interval                  = 10
  realm_id                        = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  authorize_only                  = true
  interim_account_update_interval = 24
  dynamic_authorization           = true
  dynamic_authorization_port      = 1700
  merge_downloadable_acl_order    = "MERGE_DACL_BEFORE_AV_PAIR_ACL"
  radius_servers = [
    {
      hostname                                    = "10.10.10.10"
      radius_server_enabled_message_authenticator = true
      authentication_port                         = 1812
      key                                         = "my_secret_key"
      accounting_port                             = 1813
      timeout                                     = 10
      use_routing_to_select_interface             = true
      interface_id                                = ""
      redirect_acl_id                             = ""
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the RADIUS Server Group object.
- `radius_servers` (Attributes List) List of RADIUS servers in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radius_servers))

### Optional

- `authorize_only` (Boolean) This RADIUS server group is being used for authorization or accounting only.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `dynamic_authorization` (Boolean) Enables the RADIUS dynamic authorization or change of authorization (CoA) services for this RADIUS server group.
- `dynamic_authorization_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS dynamic authorization services.
  - Range: `1024`-`65535`
- `group_accounting_mode` (String) Indicates whether accounting messages are sent to a single server (single mode) or sent to all servers in the group (simultaneous mode).
  - Choices: `SINGLE`, `MULTIPLE`
  - Default value: `SINGLE`
- `interim_account_update_interval` (Number) Interval, in hours, for interim accounting updates.
  - Range: `1`-`120`
- `merge_downloadable_acl_order` (String) Placement order of the downloadable ACL with the Cisco AV pair ACL.
  - Choices: `MERGE_DACL_BEFORE_AV_PAIR_ACL`, `MERGE_DACL_AFTER_AV_PAIR_ACL`
- `realm_id` (String) Active Directory (AD) realm this RADIUS server group is associated with.
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval, in seconds, for the request
  - Range: `1`-`10`
  - Default value: `10`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RadiusServerGroup'.

<a id="nestedatt--radius_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radius_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) IP Address or hostname of the RADIUS server.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) Shared secret key for the RADIUS server.

Optional:

- `accounting_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS accounting services.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1813`
- `authentication_port` (Number) Port number for the RADIUS authentication services.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1812`
- `interface_id` (String) Security Zone ID or Interface Group ID for the RADIUS server communication.
- `radius_server_enabled_message_authenticator` (Boolean) Enables RADIUS Server-Enabled Message Authenticator.
  - Default value: `true`
- `redirect_acl_id` (String) ID of the redirect ACL.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout, in seconds, for the RADIUS server.
  - Range: `1`-`300`
  - Default value: `10`
- `use_routing_to_select_interface` (Boolean) Use routing to select the interface for the RADIUS server (true) or use specified interface (false).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_radius_server_group.example "<id>"
```
