---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_realm_ad_ldap Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Integrations"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Realm AD LDAP.
---

# fmc_realm_ad_ldap (Resource)

This resource manages a Realm AD LDAP.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_realm_ad_ldap" "example" {
  name                                    = "my_ldap_realm"
  enabled                                 = true
  description                             = "My realm"
  realm_type                              = "LDAP"
  directory_username                      = "user@example.com"
  directory_password                      = "my_password"
  base_dn                                 = "DC=example,DC=com"
  group_dn                                = "CN=users,DC=example,DC=com"
  included_users                          = ["user1"]
  included_groups                         = ["group1"]
  excluded_users                          = ["user2"]
  excluded_groups                         = ["group2"]
  update_hour                             = 2
  update_interval                         = "4"
  group_attribute                         = "member"
  timeout_ise_and_passive_indentity_users = 1440
  timeout_terminal_server_agent_users     = 1440
  timeout_captive_portal_users            = 1440
  timeout_failed_captive_portal_users     = 1440
  timeout_guest_captive_portal_users      = 1440
  directory_servers = [
    {
      hostname                        = "ldap.example.com"
      port                            = 389
      encryption_protocol             = "LDAPS"
      ca_certificate_id               = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
      use_routing_to_select_interface = false
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_dn` (String) Directory tree where the search for user data should begin.
- `directory_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the `directory_username`.
- `directory_servers` (Attributes List) List of directory servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--directory_servers))
- `directory_username` (String) Username used to connect to the directory.
- `group_dn` (String) Directory tree where the search for group data should begin.
- `name` (String) Name of the Realm object.
- `realm_type` (String) Type of the Realm.
  - Choices: `AD`, `LDAP`

### Optional

- `ad_join_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for `ad_join_username` user.
- `ad_join_username` (String) Username of any Active Directory user with rights to create a Domain Computer account in the Active Directory domain for Kerberos captive portal active authentication.
- `ad_primary_domain` (String) Domain for the Active Directory server where users should be authenticated.
- `description` (String) Description of the Realm object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Realm object.
- `excluded_groups` (List of String) Add groups to Excluded Groups.
- `excluded_users` (List of String) Add users to Excluded Users.
- `group_attribute` (String) Attribute used to identify the group in the LDAP directory. Use 'uniqueMember', 'member' or any custom attribute name.
- `included_groups` (List of String) Add groups to Included Groups.
- `included_users` (List of String) Add users to Included Users.
- `timeout_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Captive Portal users.
  - Range: `0`-`35791394`
- `timeout_failed_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Failed Captive Portal users.
  - Range: `0`-`35791394`
- `timeout_guest_captive_portal_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Guest Captive Portal Users.
  - Range: `0`-`35791394`
- `timeout_ise_and_passive_indentity_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for ISE/ISE-PIC or Passive Identity Agent users.
  - Range: `0`-`35791394`
- `timeout_terminal_server_agent_users` (Number) Timeout (in minutes) for Terminal Server Agent users.
  - Range: `0`-`35791394`
- `update_hour` (Number) Hour where the sync (download) from the directory starts.
  - Range: `0`-`23`
- `update_interval` (String) Interval in hours for the sync (download) from the directory.
  - Choices: `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `6`, `8`, `12`, `24`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'Realm'.
- `version` (String) Internal API parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--directory_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `directory_servers`

Required:

- `encryption_protocol` (String) Encryption method.
  - Choices: `NONE`, `LDAPS`, `STARTTLS`
- `hostname` (String) Hostname or IP address.
- `port` (Number) Port number.

Optional:

- `ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate ID. Required if `encryption_protocol` is LDAPS/STARTTLS.
- `interface_group_id` (String) ID of the interface group to use for LDAP communication, when `use_routing_to_select_interface` is set to `false`. If not configured, Management interface is used.
- `use_routing_to_select_interface` (Boolean) Use routing to select the interface for directory communication.
  - Default value: `false`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_realm_ad_ldap.example "<id>"
```
