---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_secure_client_customization Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Secure Client Customization.
---

# fmc_secure_client_customization (Resource)

This resource manages a Secure Client Customization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_secure_client_customization" "example" {
  name               = "my_secure_client_customization"
  description        = "My Secure Client Customization"
  customization_type = "LANGUAGE_LOCALIZATION"
  language           = "pl"
  path               = "./AnyConnect_pl-pl.po"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Secure Client Customization.
- `path` (String) Path to Secure Client Customization file

### Optional

- `customization_type` (String) Type of the Secure Client Customization.
  - Choices: `LANGUAGE_LOCALIZATION`, `IMAGE`, `SCRIPT`, `BINARY`, `CUSTOMIZED_INSTALLER_TRANSFORM`, `LOCALIZED_INSTALLER_TRANSFORM`
- `description` (String) Description of the Secure Client Customization.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `language` (String) Language code. Applicable only when customization is of type LANGUAGE_LOCALIZATION/LOCALIZED_INSTALLER_TRANSFORM.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System. Applicable only when customization is of type IMAGE/SCRIPT/BINARY/CUSTOMIZED_INSTALLER_TRANSFORM.
  - Choices: `WINDOWS`, `MAC`, `LINUX`
- `script_type` (String) Type of the script. Applicable only when customization is of type SCRIPT.
  - Choices: `ON_CONNECT`, `ON_DISCONNECT`

### Read-Only

- `file_name` (String) Name of the Secure Client Customization file.
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SecureClientCustomizationModel'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_secure_client_customization.example "<id>"
```
