---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Secure Client Custom Attribute.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Read operations are supported by any tested FMC versionMinimum FMC version for object management (Create/Update/Delete): 7.4
---

# fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute (Resource)

This resource manages a Secure Client Custom Attribute.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Read operations are supported by any tested FMC version
  - Minimum FMC version for object management (Create/Update/Delete): `7.4`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute" "example" {
  name                         = "my_secure_client_image"
  description                  = "My Secure Client Custom Attribute"
  attribute_type               = "USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR"
  user_defined_attribute_name  = "my_user_defined_attribute"
  user_defined_attribute_value = "my_value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the attribute.
  - Choices: `ALLOW_DEFER_UPDATE`, `PER_APP_VPN`, `DYNAMIC_SPLIT_TUNNELING`, `USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR`
- `name` (String) Name of the Secure Client Custom Attribute object.

### Optional

- `defer_update_default_action` (String) Default action to be taken when the user does not respond, or when you want to configure an automatic action without the user's intervention.
  - Choices: `DEFER`, `UPDATE`
- `defer_update_minimum_secure_client_version` (String) Minimum Secure Client version to be present on the client system to allow or defer the update in x.x.x format.
- `defer_update_prompt_dismiss_timeout` (Number) Timeout (in seconds) for the prompt dismissal.
  - Range: `1`-`300`
- `defer_update_prompt_type` (String) Prompt type.
  - Choices: `SHOW_UNTIL_USER_ACTION`, `SHOW_UNTIL_TIMEOUT`, `NO_PROMPT_AUTO_ACTION`
- `description` (String) Description of the Secure Client Custom Attribute object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `dynamic_split_tunnel_excluded_domains` (List of String) Domain names that will be excluded from the remote access VPN tunnel. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is DYNAMIC_SPLIT_TUNNELING.
- `dynamic_split_tunnel_included_domains` (List of String) Domain names that will be included in the remote access VPN tunnel. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is DYNAMIC_SPLIT_TUNNELING.
- `per_app_vpn_value` (String) Base64 encoded value for Per App VPN. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is PER_APP_VPN.
- `user_defined_attribute_name` (String) Name of the user-defined attribute. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR.
- `user_defined_attribute_value` (String) Value of the user-defined attribute. Applicable only when `attribute_type` is USER_DEFINED_CUSTOM_ATTR.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'AnyConnectCustomAttribute'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_secure_client_custom_attribute.example "<id>"
```
