---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_sla_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a SLA Monitor.
---

# fmc_sla_monitor (Resource)

This resource manages a SLA Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_sla_monitor" "example" {
  name              = "my_sla_monitor"
  description       = "My SLA Monitor object"
  sla_monitor_id    = 10
  timeout           = 5000
  frequency         = 60
  threshold         = 5000
  data_size         = 28
  tos               = 20
  number_of_packets = 1
  monitor_address   = "10.10.10.1"
  selected_interfaces = [
    {
      id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `monitor_address` (String) IP address to monitor.
- `name` (String) Name of the SLA monitor object.
- `selected_interfaces` (Attributes List) Security zones or interface groups that contain the interfaces through which the device communicates with the management station. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selected_interfaces))
- `sla_monitor_id` (Number) ID number of the SLA operation.
  - Range: `1`-`2147483647`

### Optional

- `data_size` (Number) Size (in bytes) of the ICMP request packet payload.
  - Range: `0`-`16384`
  - Default value: `28`
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `frequency` (Number) Frequency (in seconds) of ICMP echo request transmissions.
  - Range: `1`-`604800`
  - Default value: `60`
- `number_of_packets` (Number) Number of packets that are sent.
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `1`
- `threshold` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that must pass after an ICMP echo request before a rising threshold is declared.
  - Range: `0`-`2147483647`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `timeout` (Number) Amount of time (in milliseconds) that the SLA operation waits for a response to the ICMP echo requests.
  - Range: `0`-`604800000`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `tos` (Number) Type of Service (ToS) defined in the IP header of the ICMP request packet.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'SLAMonitor'.

<a id="nestedatt--selected_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selected_interfaces`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the security zone or interface object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_sla_monitor.example "<id>"
```
