---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_time_range Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages a Time Range.
---

# fmc_time_range (Resource)

This resource manages a Time Range.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_time_range" "example" {
  name        = "my_time_range"
  description = "My time range object"
  start_time  = "2025-01-07T20:20"
  end_time    = "2025-01-22T09:20"
  recurrence_list = [
    {
      recurrence_type  = "RANGE"
      range_start_time = "09:00"
      range_end_time   = "17:00"
      range_start_day  = "MON"
      range_end_day    = "FRI"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the object

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `end_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object stops being effective. If not specified 'never ends' is assumed.
- `recurrence_list` (Attributes List) List of recurring intervals during which the time range is effective. These intervals are valid only between start_time and end_time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence_list))
- `start_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object starts being effective. If not specified 'starts now' is assumed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this is always 'TimeRange'.

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence_list`

Required:

- `recurrence_type` (String) Type of the recurrence interval.
  - Choices: `DAILY_INTERVAL`, `RANGE`

Optional:

- `daily_days` (Set of String) List of days on which the time range is effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `daily_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `daily_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `range_end_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `range_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `range_start_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `range_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_time_range.example "<id>"
```
