---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_time_ranges Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This resource manages Time Ranges through bulk operations.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneUpdates are always done one-by-one.
---

# fmc_time_ranges (Resource)

This resource manages Time Ranges through bulk operations.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Updates are always done one-by-one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_time_ranges" "example" {
  items = {
    my_time_ranges = {
      description = "My time range object"
      start_time  = "2025-01-07T20:20"
      end_time    = "2025-01-22T09:20"
      recurrence_list = [
        {
          recurrence_type  = "RANGE"
          range_start_time = "09:00"
          range_end_time   = "17:00"
          range_start_day  = "MON"
          range_end_day    = "FRI"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Time Ranges. The key of the map is the name of the individual Time Range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `end_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object stops being effective. If not specified 'never ends' is assumed.
- `recurrence_list` (Attributes List) List of recurring intervals during which the time range is effective. These intervals are valid only between start_time and end_time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--recurrence_list))
- `start_time` (String) Date and time at which the time range object starts being effective. If not specified 'starts now' is assumed.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the managed Time Range.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this is always 'TimeRange'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--recurrence_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.recurrence_list`

Required:

- `recurrence_type` (String) Type of the recurrence interval.
  - Choices: `DAILY_INTERVAL`, `RANGE`

Optional:

- `daily_days` (Set of String) List of days on which the time range is effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `daily_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `daily_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective on selected days. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as DAILY_INTERVAL.
- `range_end_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `range_end_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range stops being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
- `range_start_day` (String) Day of week at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.
  - Choices: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`
- `range_start_time` (String) Time (in HH:MM format) at which the time range starts being effective. This field must be used if recurrence_type is specified as RANGE.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# <domain> is optional. If not provided, `Global` is used implicitly and resource's `domain` attribute is not set.
terraform import fmc_time_ranges.example "<domain>,[<item1_name>,<item2_name>,...]"
```
