---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Site-to-Site (S2S) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) Endpints
  The following restrictions apply:
  Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneUpdates are always done one-by-one.
---

# fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Site-to-Site (S2S) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) Endpints

The following restrictions apply:
  - Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Updates are always done one-by-one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints" "example" {
  vpn_s2s_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  items = {
    my_ftd_01 = {
      peer_type                   = "PEER"
      extranet_device             = false
      device_id                   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      interface_id                = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      interface_ipv6_address      = "2001:db8::1"
      interface_public_ip_address = "10.1.1.1"
      connection_type             = "BIDIRECTIONAL"
      allow_incoming_ikev2_routes = false
      send_vti_ip_to_peer         = false
      protected_networks = [
        {
          id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
        }
      ]
      local_identity_type          = "EMAILID"
      local_identity_string        = "me@cisco.com"
      backup_interface_id          = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
      backup_local_identity_type   = "EMAILID"
      backup_local_identity_string = "me@cisco.com"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Endpoints. The key of the map is the name of the Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `vpn_s2s_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN S2S Topology.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `extranet_device` (Boolean) Is the device managed by local FMC.
- `peer_type` (String) Role of the device in the topology.
  - Choices: `PEER`, `HUB`, `SPOKE`

Optional:

- `allow_incoming_ikev2_routes` (Boolean) Allow incoming IKEv2 routes.
- `backup_interface_id` (String) Id of the backup interface to source the VPN connection.
- `backup_interface_public_ip_address` (String) Public address of the backup interface, in case the one configured on the backup interface is private (NAT Address).
- `backup_local_identity_string` (String) Value of the local identity for the backup tunnel (applicable only for types KEYID and EMAILID).
- `backup_local_identity_type` (String) Type of the local identity for the backup tunnel.
  - Choices: `ADDRESS`, `AUTO`, `EMAILID`, `HOSTNAME`, `KEYID`
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type.
  - Choices: `ORIGINATE_ONLY`, `ANSWER_ONLY`, `BIDIRECTIONAL`
- `device_id` (String) Id of the device managed by local FMC.
- `extranet_dynamic_ip` (Boolean) Is the IP address of the extranet device dynamic.
- `extranet_ip_address` (String) IP address of extranet device (optionally coma separated Backup IP Addresses).
- `interface_id` (String) Id of the primary interface to source the VPN connection.
- `interface_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the interface. If not set, IPv4 address will be used.
- `interface_public_ip_address` (String) Public address of the interface, in case the one configured on the interface is private.
- `local_identity_string` (String) Value of the local identity (applicable only for types KEYID and EMAILID).
- `local_identity_type` (String) Type of the local identity.
  - Choices: `ADDRESS`, `AUTO`, `EMAILID`, `HOSTNAME`, `KEYID`
- `nat_exemption` (Boolean) Enable NAT exemption.
- `nat_exemption_inside_interface_id` (String) Id of the inside Security Zone for NAT Exemption identification.
- `nat_traversal` (Boolean) Enable NAT traversal.
- `override_remote_vpn_filter_acl_id` (String) Id of the ACL to override VPN filter on the Hub.
- `protected_networks` (Attributes Set) Set of protected networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--protected_networks))
- `protected_networks_acl_id` (String) Id of the ACL that defines protected networks.
- `reverse_route_injection` (Boolean) Enable Reverse Route Injection (RRI).
- `send_vti_ip_to_peer` (Boolean) Send Virtual Tunnel Interface IP to the peers.
- `vpn_filter_acl_id` (String) Id of the VPN filter ACL.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Endpoint object.

<a id="nestedatt--items--protected_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.protected_networks`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the protected network.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_vpn_s2s_endpoints.example "<domain>,<vpn_s2s_id>,[<vpn_s2s_endpoints_name>]"
```
