---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_ra Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Remote Access (RA) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs).
---

# fmc_vpn_ra (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Remote Access (RA) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_vpn_ra" "example" {
  name                 = "my_ftd_ra_vpn"
  description          = "description of my_fmc_ra_vpn"
  protocol_ssl         = true
  protocol_ipsec_ikev2 = true
  local_realm_id       = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
  dap_policy_id        = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  access_interfaces = [
    {
      id                                = ""
      protocol_ipsec_ikev2              = true
      protocol_ssl                      = true
      protocol_ssl_dtls                 = true
      interface_specific_certificate_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
    }
  ]
  allow_users_to_select_connection_profile           = true
  web_port                                           = 443
  dtls_port                                          = 443
  ssl_global_identity_certificate_id                 = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  ipsec_global_identity_certificate_id               = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  service_access_id                                  = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
  bypass_access_control_policy_for_decrypted_traffic = true
  secure_client_images = [
    {
      id               = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
      operating_system = "WINDOWS"
    }
  ]
  external_browser_package_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
  group_policies = [
    {
      id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
    }
  ]
  ikev2_policies = [
    {
      id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_policies` (Attributes List) List of group policies associated with the VPN. It is mandatory to include at least 'DfltGrpPolicy' in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_policies))
- `name` (String) Name of the VPN Remote Access (RA) Topology.

### Optional

- `access_interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_interfaces))
- `allow_users_to_select_connection_profile` (Boolean) Allow users to select a connection profile.
- `bypass_access_control_policy_for_decrypted_traffic` (Boolean) Bypass Access Control policy for decrypted traffic (sysopt permit-vpn)
  - Default value: `false`
- `dap_policy_id` (String) Identifier for the DAP (Dynamic Access Policy) used for the VPN.
- `description` (String) Description of the object.
- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain
- `dtls_port` (Number) Port number for the web access of the VPN.
  - Default value: `443`
- `external_browser_package_id` (String) Identifier for the external browser package used for the VPN.
- `ikev2_policies` (Attributes List) List of IKEv2 policies associated with the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ikev2_policies))
- `ipsec_global_identity_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the IPsec certificate used for enrollment.
- `local_realm_id` (String) Local realm server for the VPN.
- `protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 protocol for the VPN.
  - Default value: `true`
- `protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL protocol for the VPN.
  - Default value: `true`
- `secure_client_images` (Attributes List) List of Secure Client images to be used for the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_client_images))
- `service_access_id` (String) Identifier for the service access object.
- `ssl_global_identity_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the SSL certificate used for enrollment.
- `web_port` (Number) Port number for the web access of the VPN.
  - Default value: `443`

### Read-Only

- `address_assignment_policy_id` (String)
- `certificate_map_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Id of the object
- `ipsec_advanced_settings_id` (String) Identifier for the IPsec/IKEv2 advanced settings used for the VPN.
- `ldap_attribute_map_id` (String) Identifier for the LDAP attribute mapping used for the VPN.
- `load_balance_id` (String) Identifier for the load balancing settings used for the VPN.
- `secure_client_customization_id` (String)
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RAVpn'.

<a id="nestedatt--group_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_policies`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the group policy.


<a id="nestedatt--access_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_interfaces`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of interface group or security zone.
- `interface_specific_certificate_id` (String) Identifier for the ID certificate used for the VPN.
- `protocol_ipsec_ikev2` (Boolean) Enable IPsec IKEv2 for the VPN.
  - Default value: `true`
- `protocol_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL for the VPN.
  - Default value: `true`
- `protocol_ssl_dtls` (Boolean) Enable DTLS for the VPN.
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--ikev2_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ikev2_policies`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the IKEv2 policy.


<a id="nestedatt--secure_client_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_client_images`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Secure Client image.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system of the Secure Client image.
  - Choices: `WINDOWS`, `LINUX`, `MAC`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_vpn_ra.example "<id>"
```
