---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  This resource manages FTD Remote Access (RA) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) Connection Profiles.
  The following restrictions apply:
  Bulk object creation is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneBulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-oneUpdates are always done one-by-one.
---

# fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles (Resource)

This resource manages FTD Remote Access (RA) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) Connection Profiles.

The following restrictions apply:
  - Bulk object creation is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Bulk object deletion is not supported by FMC, it will be handled one-by-one
  - Updates are always done one-by-one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles" "example" {
  vpn_ra_id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  items = {
    my_connection_profile = {
      group_policy_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      ipv4_address_pools = [
        {
          id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
        }
      ]
      ipv6_address_pools = [
        {
          id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
        }
      ]
      dhcp_servers = [
        {
          id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
        }
      ]
      authentication_method                                                        = "AAA_AND_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE"
      multiple_certificate_authentication                                          = true
      primary_authentication_server_use_local                                      = false
      primary_authentication_server_id                                             = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      primary_authentication_server_type                                           = "RadiusServerGroup"
      primary_authentication_fallback_to_local                                     = true
      saml_and_certificate_username_must_match                                     = true
      primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate                     = true
      primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_primary_field   = "CN_COMMMON_NAME"
      primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_secondary_field = "NONE"
      primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_entire_dn       = false
      primary_authentication_hide_username_in_login_window                         = true
      secondary_authentication                                                     = true
      secondary_authentication_server_use_local                                    = false
      secondary_authentication_server_id                                           = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      secondary_authentication_server_type                                         = "Realm"
      secondary_authentication_fallback_to_local                                   = false
      secondary_authentication_prompt_for_username                                 = false
      secondary_authentication_use_primary_authentication_username                 = true
      authorization_server_id                                                      = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      authorization_server_type                                                    = "RadiusServerGroup"
      allow_connection_only_if_user_exists_in_authorization_database               = false
      accounting_server_id                                                         = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456"
      accounting_server_type                                                       = "RadiusServerGroup"
      strip_realm_from_username                                                    = true
      strip_group_from_username                                                    = true
      password_management                                                          = true
      password_management_notify_user_on_password_expiry_day                       = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of Connection Profiles. The key of the map is the name of the Connection Profile. Use `DefaultWEBVPNGroup` to manage the default connection profile. On destruction, the default connection profile will not be deleted and its configuration will not be erased. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `vpn_ra_id` (String) Id of the parent VPN RA Configuration.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Name of the FMC domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `authentication_method` (String) User authentication method.
  - Choices: `AAA_ONLY`, `SAML`, `CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_ONLY`, `AAA_AND_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE`, `SAML_AND_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE`

Optional:

- `accounting_server_id` (String) Id of the RADIUS accounting server.
- `accounting_server_type` (String) Type of the RADIUS accounting server (`RadiusServerGroup`).
- `alias_names` (Attributes List) List of Alias Names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alias_names))
- `alias_urls` (Attributes List) List of Alias URLs (group URLs). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alias_urls))
- `allow_connection_only_if_user_exists_in_authorization_database` (Boolean) Allow connection only if the username of client exists in the authorization database.
- `authorization_server_id` (String) Id of the authorization RADIUS Server Group or Realm.
- `authorization_server_type` (String) Type of the authorization RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `dhcp_servers` (Attributes List) List of DHCP Servers for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--dhcp_servers))
- `group_policy_id` (String) Id of the Group Policy.
- `ipv4_address_pools` (Attributes List) IPv4 Address Pools for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv4_address_pools))
- `ipv6_address_pools` (Attributes List) IPv6 Address Pools for client address assignment. Either `ipv4_address_pools` or `ipv6_address_pools` or `dhcp_servers` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv6_address_pools))
- `multiple_certificate_authentication` (Boolean) Authenticate the VPN client using the machine and user certificates.
- `password_management` (Boolean) Enable managing the password for the remote access VPN users.
- `password_management_advance_password_expiration_notification` (Number) Notify user on the number of days before password expiration.
  - Range: `1`-`180`
- `password_management_notify_user_on_password_expiry_day` (Boolean) Notify user on the day the password expires.
- `primary_authentication_fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Fallback to LOCAL FMC if primary authentication Server/Realm is not reachable.
- `primary_authentication_hide_username_in_login_window` (Boolean) Username is pre-filled from the client certificate, but hidden to the user.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate` (Boolean) Prefill username from certificate.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_entire_dn` (Boolean) Map entire Distinguished Name (DN) as username.
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_primary_field` (String) Map primary field for username.
  - Choices: `CN_COMMMON_NAME`, `C_COUNTRY`, `DNQ_DN_QUALIFIER`, `EA_EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `GENQ_GENERATIONAL_QUALIFIER`, `GN_GIVEN_NAME`, `I_INITIAL`, `L_LOCALITY`, `N_NAME`, `O_ORGANISATION`, `OU_ORGANISATIONAL_UNIT`, `SER_SERIAL_NUMBER`, `SN_SURNAME`, `SP_STATE_PROVINCE`, `T_TITLE`, `UID_USER_ID`, `UPN_USER_PRINCIPAL_NAME`, `NONE`
- `primary_authentication_prefill_username_from_certificate_map_secondary_field` (String) Map secondary field for username.
  - Choices: `CN_COMMMON_NAME`, `C_COUNTRY`, `DNQ_DN_QUALIFIER`, `EA_EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `GENQ_GENERATIONAL_QUALIFIER`, `GN_GIVEN_NAME`, `I_INITIAL`, `L_LOCALITY`, `N_NAME`, `O_ORGANISATION`, `OU_ORGANISATIONAL_UNIT`, `SER_SERIAL_NUMBER`, `SN_SURNAME`, `SP_STATE_PROVINCE`, `T_TITLE`, `UID_USER_ID`, `UPN_USER_PRINCIPAL_NAME`, `NONE`
- `primary_authentication_server_id` (String) Id of the primary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm. Use if `primary_authentication_server_use_local` is not set to `true`.
- `primary_authentication_server_type` (String) Type of the primary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `primary_authentication_server_use_local` (Boolean) Use LOCAL FMC as primary authentication server.
- `saml_and_certificate_username_must_match` (Boolean) Allow VPN connection only if the username from the certificate matches the SAML single sign-on username.
- `saml_use_external_browser` (Boolean) Use default OS browser (`true`) or embedded browser (`false`) for SAML authentication.
- `secondary_authentication` (Boolean) Enable secondary authentication.
- `secondary_authentication_fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Fallback to LOCAL FMC if secondary authentication Server/Realm is not reachable.
- `secondary_authentication_prompt_for_username` (Boolean) Prompt for username during secondary authentication.
- `secondary_authentication_server_id` (String) Id of the secondary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm. Use if `secondary_authentication_server_use_local` is not set to `true`.
- `secondary_authentication_server_type` (String) Type of the secondary authentication RADIUS Server Group or Realm, like `RadiusServerGroup` or `Realm`.
- `secondary_authentication_server_use_local` (Boolean) Use LOCAL FMC as secondary authentication server.
- `secondary_authentication_use_primary_authentication_username` (Boolean) Use primary username for secondary authentication.
- `strip_group_from_username` (Boolean) Remove the group name from the username before passing the username on to the AAA server.
- `strip_realm_from_username` (Boolean) Remove the realm from the username before passing the username on to the AAA server.
- `use_secondary_authentication_username_for_reporting` (Boolean) Secondary username is used for reporting user activity during a VPN session.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the Connection Profile.
- `type` (String) Type of the object; this value is always 'RaVpnConnectionProfile'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--alias_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alias_names`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Alias.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the alias.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alias_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alias_urls`

Required:

- `url_object_id` (String) Id of the URL object.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the alias.


<a id="nestedatt--items--dhcp_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.dhcp_servers`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of Host representing the DHCP Server.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv4_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv4_address_pools`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the IPv4 Address Pool.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv6_address_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv6_address_pools`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the IPv6 Address Pool.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import fmc_vpn_ra_connection_profiles.example "<domain>,<vpn_ra_id>,[<vpn_ra_connection_profiles_name>]"
```
